https://www.marketwatch.com/story/only-3-components-trade-solidly-in-positive-territory-as-dow-falls-240-points-in-early-action-2018-05-01
Only 3 components trade solidly in positive territory as Dow falls 250 points - MarketWatch
Mark DeCambre
May 1, 2018 11:39 a.m. ET
05/01/2018
The Dow Jones Industrial Average midday Tuesday was trading sharply lower, with only a trio of companies in the green as Wall Street investors awaited the Federal Reserve's policy update on Wednesday and an earnings later in the day from Apple Inc. In fact, only Apple's shares AAPL, +1.80% up 1%, those of Intel Corp. INTC, +3.41% returning 1.7%, and shares of Microsoft Corp. MSFT, +1.97% advancing by 0.3%, were showing gains Tuesday morning. Most recently, the Dow DJIA, +0.90% was trading down 250 points, or 1%, at 23,908, with losses led by a decline in shares of McDonald's Corp. MCD, +0.10% which was among the best performers among the Dow's 30 components in Monday trade after reporting better-than-expected quarterly results. Shares of McDonald's were trading 2.6% lower on the day, after rising nearly 6% in Monday's action. Meanwhile, the S&P 500 index SPX, +1.08% was off 0.5% at 2,635, while the technology-laden Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, +1.51% was trading off 0.1% at 7,059, with losses limited by gains in iPhone maker Apple, the largest publicly traded company in the world by market value.
https://www.marketwatch.com/story/only-3-components-trade-solidly-in-positive-territory-as-dow-falls-240-points-in-early-action-2018-05-01
Only 3 components trade solidly in positive territory as Dow falls 250 points - MarketWatch
Mark DeCambre
May 1, 2018 11:39 a.m. ET
04/31/2018
The Dow Jones Industrial Average midday Tuesday was trading sharply lower, with only a trio of companies in the green as Wall Street investors awaited the Federal Reserve's policy update on Wednesday and an earnings later in the day from Apple Inc. In fact, only Apple's shares AAPL, +1.80% up 1%, those of Intel Corp. INTC, +3.41% returning 1.7%, and shares of Microsoft Corp. MSFT, +1.97% advancing by 0.3%, were showing gains Tuesday morning. Most recently, the Dow DJIA, +0.90% was trading down 250 points, or 1%, at 23,908, with losses led by a decline in shares of McDonald's Corp. MCD, +0.10% which was among the best performers among the Dow's 30 components in Monday trade after reporting better-than-expected quarterly results. Shares of McDonald's were trading 2.6% lower on the day, after rising nearly 6% in Monday's action. Meanwhile, the S&P 500 index SPX, +1.08% was off 0.5% at 2,635, while the technology-laden Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, +1.51% was trading off 0.1% at 7,059, with losses limited by gains in iPhone maker Apple, the largest publicly traded company in the world by market value.
https://seekingalpha.com/article/4167203-metrics-make-investors-pay
How Metrics Make Investors Pay | Seeking Alpha
Torsten Tiedt
2018-04-28 07:37:36 -0400
04/28/2018
Despite careful stock selection, many investors are dissatisfied with their long-term performance. There are several reasons for this. Much is written about the lack of basic knowledge, wrong expectations and a bad or no strategy at all. Mostly forgotten remains the fact that metrics contribute to investors' frustration, too. Metrics such as P/E ratio (price-earnings ratio), dividend yield, payout ratio and dogmas like the believe in dividend aristocrats are omnipresent. Hardly any financial site on the Internet and any introduction into the stock market can do without them. Therefore, pretending that these metrics and dogmas do more harm than good may be surprising. Yet, in the first part of this article, I show examples to proof how misleading and harmful the use of these metrics and dogmas is. In the second part, I present a model far superior to the criticised metrics. It's all about long-term profit growth Some investors prefer high dividends, others prefer dividend growth, and some look at valuation and don't care about dividends at all. As different as investors are, they have one thing in common: the long-term performance of any of their stocks depends on the long-term profit growth of the respective company. Profit growth means capital gains at first and growing dividends at second place. Mr. Market's moods sometimes hide this relationship for a certain time. But over the long run, profit growth always leads to capital gains. In a similar vein, companies with stagnating or even declining profits are a bad investment because of a suffering stock price. Dividends are overrated There are misconceptions about the importance of capital gains vs. dividends. First misconception: capital gains are unpredictable, but dividends are. Second misconception: dividend's share regarding the total yield of return is overrated. Comparing the performance of the S&P 500 with and without dividends proves both misconceptions to be wrong. Source: Tradingview 71.5% out of 115% total return since 2008 was related to capital gains. An additional 43.5% was due to dividends. Yet, included in these 43.5% are capital gains, too - because reinvested stocks also participated in capital gains in the following years. Although dividends are an important attraction of the stock market, your overall long-term performance primarily depends on capital gains. And these directly depend on the profit growth of the company. This means, it ultimately doesn't matter how your investment strategy looks like, e.g. if you prefer dividend stocks or not. You always need to find companies with growing profits. Otherwise you will perform badly (stagnating profits) or even lose money (declining profits). Key metrics Key metrics are responsible for the most important task of any investor: identifying companies with growing profits. Secondary metrics are applicable in a second step. Their purpose is to further limit the list of promising candidates according to your strategy. A dividend growth investor may discard any stocks with low dividend growth or no dividends at all. A value investor will be interested in stocks with low valuation and so on. This article is about key metrics, which are primarily responsible for your success as an investor, whereas secondary metrics are primarily responsible to make you feel good. A metric can be used both as key or as secondary metric. To be useful as a key metric, it must be capable to identify long-term profit growth. If it isn't, the metric is misleading and its use as a key metric must be avoided at all costs. Part I of this article examines the usefulness of the most popular metrics as key metrics. The price-earnings ratio as key metric: a danger for any investor The price-earnings ratio (P/E ratio) is maybe the most commonly used metric to evaluate stocks. The lower the P/E ratio, the cheaper the stock looks like. Using the P/E ratio as key metric presents two common pitfalls. Catching a falling knife The following chart shows the relationship between profit growth and P/E ratio in the case of Bed Bath & Beyond (NASDAQ:BBBY). The flattening earnings in 2015 indicate problems. The stock price drops and so does the P/E ratio. The stock seems to become less and less expensive in the following years. As earnings decline, the stock price declines even faster. According to a cheap P/E ratio, the stock gained attraction. Yet, the considerable price drop was the reaction of the market due to the company's lacking profit growth. Finally, the stock price continued dropping from over 70 USD to about 20 USD. Even if you bought the stock in 2017 with a P/E ratio as "cheap" as 10, you would have lost about 50% of your money in the following months. Source: DividendStocks.Cash The stock market offers no free lunch. A stock trading with an ever-lower P/E ratio due to price drops is most likely in serious earnings trouble. Such a stock is rarely a good investment. Selection of notorious low-performers Some cheap looking companies did not experience a price drop because they always used to be "cheap". The market simply never expected solid profit growth. These companies aren't necessarily badly managed. Often, the industry they are operating in has limited potential for profit growth. Traditional car manufacturers are a classical example of companies with low P/E ratio. Finally, it doesn't matter if the low P/E ratio is related to the company or the industry, because a low valuation simply means the market does not believe in sustainable profit growth. Some investors buy cheap looking stocks anyway because they seem attractive at first sight. In general, the long-term yield is disappointing. The same holds true for the book-to-price ratio and other metrics processing the earnings in the denominator. When trying to find stocks with solid profit growth, avoid these metrics at all costs. The dividend yield: the treacherous complice of the P/E ratio Dividends attract investors. In general, a high dividend yield means the same as a low P/E ratio. The market does not believe in solid profit growth, and the high dividend is the price the company must pay to make investors buy the stock anyway. Solid profit growth and high dividends are contradictory. Investors must choose one or the other. The right decision favours profit growth. The following chart shows the yield of return based on capital gains and dividends of AT&T (NYSE:T) within 17 years. AT&T's dividend yield is about 5-6%, but the stock did not perform well. For AT&T, dividends are essential to achieve a positive outcome at all. Stocks like these remember an iceberg swimming in a red sea of capital losses. Adding some of these stocks to your portfolio considerably slows down your overall performance. Source: DividendStocks.Cash Avoiding high dividend yield in favour of profit growth is a double win. First, your chance of capital gains is much higher. Second, dividend growth of profit growing companies is much more dynamic. The next chart skips capital losses to show only the cumulated dividend of AT&T. The nearly linear growth lacks any dynamic. Source: DividendStocks.Cash However, the dividend growth of 3M (NYSE:MMM) resembles an upward curve: Source: DividendStocks.Cash Although dynamic, the dividend yield of 3M remains below the dividend yield of AT&T. This is due to capital gains of 3M, keeping the current dividend yield mostly flat. The next chart of 3M adds capital gains to dividends: Source: DividendStocks.Cash The share of dividends regarding the total yield seems negligible. Though, the cumulated dividend accumulates to 85% of the initial capital compared to "only" 60% in the case of AT&T. And the difference in capital gains is striking. Like the P/E ratio, the dividend yield tempts investors to catch a falling knife. In general, dividends are paid between once and four times a year. Contrary to a stock price changing within fractions of a second. As soon as problems arise, the stock price of the company concerned reacts. The dividend, however, remains stable at first and the current dividend yield even climbs. Like the P/E ratio, the dividend makes the stock look like an attractive buy. The dividend yield of General Electric (NYSE:GE) increased two times due to dropping stock price. Investors buying the stock suffered capital losses and dividend cuts. Source: DividendStocks.Cash A suddenly increasing dividend yield is a warning sign. If a sound company is raising its dividends, the stock price follows, and the dividend yield remains mostly flat. The payout ratio as key metric: snapshot without meaning The payout ratio serves as safety belt for dividends. Low payout ratios mean the company's potential to pay dividends won't suffer immediately when earnings problems arise. That's true, but it doesn't help you to find companies with growing profits. Like the P/E ratio and the dividend yield, the payout ratio is a snapshot of a specific point in time - contrary to profit growth covering a whole period. Depending on the point in time the payout ratio may differ substantially, as it does for National Fuel Gas (NYSE:NFG) with a payout ratio constantly fluctuating between 30 and more than 100%. Source: DividendStocks.Cash Because the payout ratio isn't capable to detect profit growth, it cannot be used as key metric. Years of dividend increase: Decoupling of dividends and earnings to the max A company increasing its dividends for years must be good investment. As reasonable as this sounds, it's wrong. Growing profits and increasing dividends are only loosely coupled. As an example, Telephone Data Systems (NYSE:TDS) increases its dividends for 44 years without any sustainable profit growth. Source: DividendStocks.Cash According to lacking profit growth, the stock's long-term chart looks modest at best: Source: Yahoo Finance A company increasing its dividends despite missing profit growth is due to the cult of dividend aristocrats originating in the US and obscuring investors' mind. The list below shows the absolute capital gains within a 10-year period. Within the same period, the S&P 500 increased by about 100%. Source: DividendStocks.Cash Dividend aristocrats and aspirants alike increase dividends to the maximum extent possible leading to a maximum decoupling of profit and dividend growth. Hence, the years of dividend increase cannot be used as key metric to identify profit growth. Dividend growth as key metric? If years of dividend increase are not related to profit growth, dividend growth itself may be? The assumption of high dividend growth existing only in case of sound profit growth seems plausible. Unfortunately, it's wrong. A change in dividend policy may lead to accelerated dividend growth independent of the company's current profit growth. A typical example are companies transitioning from a period of high to lower growth, as it was the case for Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) after the dotcom bubble exploded. Source: DividendStocks.Cash In this case, high dividend growth is the result of lower profit growth. The exact opposite of what we expect. Because a company like Microsoft starts with a payout ratio of zero, dividends can be increased independent of current profits. Thus, dividend growth cannot be used as key metric as well. Preliminary conclusion The most popular metrics used by many investors are incapable of executing the most important task of any investor: finding companies with solid profit growth. The current workaround is to rely on sets of secondary metrics to find promising investments anyway. This typically leads to a mess of unrelated secondary metrics thrown together using a scoring model. It's naïve to believe that an overall score comprised of several secondary metrics can detect solid profit growth if any of these metrics for themselves cannot. Though, this is exactly what happens. Wouldn't it be much easier to have a single key metric identifying solid profit growth in a first step, and then in a second step using secondary metrics to select among the high-quality companies those matching your personal investment strategy the most? Sound like a dream? It's not as we'll see in Part II. Disclosure: I am/we are long MSFT, MMM. I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it. I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.
https://www.marketwatch.com/story/tech-sector-on-track-for-worst-day-in-2-weeks-as-alphabet-slides-2018-04-24
Tech sector on track for worst day in 2 weeks as Alphabet slides - MarketWatch
Ryan Vlastelica
Apr 24, 2018 2:13 p.m. ET
04/24/2018
The technology sector tumbled on Tuesday, suffering its biggest one-day drop in more than two weeks. Losses in the sector were widespread, but shares of Google-parent Alphabet Inc. GOOG, +3.18% GOOGL, +3.18% slumped a day after its quarterly results. The Technology Select Sector SPDR ETF XLK, +1.70% sank 1.9%, its fifth straight daily decline and its biggest one-day decline since April 6. Alphabet was one of the biggest decliners in the group, with shares down 5.3%. Separately, Facebook Inc. FB, +1.15% lost 3.9% while Apple Inc. AAPL, +1.80% was off 1.9%. Microsoft Corp. MSFT, +1.97% lost 2.7%. The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.90% fell 2.2% while the S&P 500 SPX, +1.08% was off 1.7% and the Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, +1.51% was down 2.1%. Broader stock losses came as bond yields rose to a four-year high.
https://seekingalpha.com/article/4164575-venture-capital-deals-week-alibaba-invests-717m-rural-china
Venture Capital Deals Of The Week: Alibaba Invests $717M In Rural China | Seeking Alpha
VCDeals
2018-04-21 11:09:37 -0400
04/21/2018
Welcome to Seeking Alpha’s Venture Capital Deals of the Week. Follow this account and turn on the e-mail alert to receive VCDeals in your inbox on Saturday mornings. Rural China e-commerce: Alibaba (NYSE:BABA) invested $717M in Huitongda Network Co., an e-commerce platform that could expand the tech giant’s sales reach to rural areas. Other investors include Shunwei Capital, China Merchants Bank, and Jiangsu Govtor Capital. The funding brought Huitongda operates in 18 provinces and over 15K towns. The platform includes more than 80K smaller stores across the region. Competition: Alibaba’s Rural Taobao includes 29 provinces, 700 counties, and 30K villages and accounts for over $15.9B of Alibaba’s sales. Alibaba competitor JD.com (NASDAQ:JD) is working on delivery drones to reach rural customers, a market that includes nearly 600M people in China. Pingduoduo raised $3B earlier this month in a round led by Tencent due to its strong rural base. Data storage: Recode reported that SoftBank’s (OTCPK:SFTBF, OTCPK:SFTBY) Vision Fund was in talks to participate in a $150M round for data-storage company Cohesity. Sources say the round isn’t set in stone yet so the numbers could change. Cohesity had a $900M valuation before this funding and should top $1B after the funding. Cohesity was founded by Nutanix (NASDAQ:NTNX) co-founder Mohit Aron and offers “secondary storage” to enterprise clients, meaning the startup sells its platform that uses the cloud to upload backup data for protection. Competition: Dell (NYSE:DVMT), Commvault (NASDAQ:CVLT), and Rubrik ($1.3B valuation, IVP backing, close to $300M global bookings run rate), to name three. Cryptocurrency stabilization: GV (GOOG, GOOGL) participated in a $133M round for cryptocurrency startup Basis, which wants to create a “stable coin” with an elastic supply that can adjust to keep the value around a dollar, unlike other more turbulent cryptocurrencies. Other participants in the round, which started last fall, include Bain Capital Ventures, Lightspeed Venture Partners, and Andreessen Horowitz. There aren’t a ton of details available about the Basis system. TechCrunch suggests it could include the system creating more of the Basecoin currency when demand rises and reduce the supply with decreasing demand. Investors would benefit from the rising and falling waves. Read more about how this could all work here. SE Asia lending: SoftBank Ventures Korea led a $25M Series B round for P2P lending platform Funding Societies, which operates in Southeast Asia. Other investors included Sequoia India, Golden Gate Ventures, and Alpha JWC Ventures. The round brought total funding up to $32.6M. Funding Societies, which says the B round was oversubscribed, has raised credit lines from lenders to small- to medium-sized enterprise borrowers. Personal loans could come in the future. As of August 2016, the company had dispersed 8.7M Singaporean dollars, which has now grown to SGD 145M . The lender rate stands at over 60K and the default rate at under 1.5%. IoT emergency system: Microsoft Ventures (NASDAQ:MSFT) participated in a $16M funding round for emergency tech company RapidSOS. Highland Capital Partners led the round with participation from CSAA. RapidSOS wants to upgrade the public safety infrastructure in the United States. The company raised over $35M in five years and worked to develop an emergency platform linking IoT devices directly to first responders and 9-1-1. The linking includes data from connected devices ranging from health wearables to smart home smoke density sensors. Editor's Note: This article discusses one or more securities that do not trade on a major U.S. exchange. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks.
https://seekingalpha.com/article/4164569-stocks-watch-earnings-blockbusters-trump-talks-drug-prices
Stocks To Watch: Earnings Blockbusters And Trump Talks Drug Prices | Seeking Alpha
SA Stocks To Watch
2018-04-21 09:30:08 -0400
04/21/2018
Welcome to Seeking Alpha's Stocks to Watch - a preview of key events scheduled for the next week. Follow this account and turn the e-mail alert on to receive this article in your inbox every Saturday morning. Earnings for companies listed in the S&P 500 Index are up 26% from a year ago for the first batch of Q1 reports. 83% of the S&P 500 reporters have topped EPS estimates so far and 71% have bested revenue estimates. That strong start to the season really gets put to the test next week as a huge number of heavy hitters step up to the plate. Investors also have their eyes back on interest rates to see if the 10-year Treasury yield will hit the 3% mark. The move higher in rates is pressuring consumer staples stocks such as Kraft Heinz (NASDAQ:KHC), Coca-Cola (NYSE:KO), Kimberly-Clark (NYSE:KMB) and PepsiCo (NYSE:PEP) - already reeling from profit hits due to pricing competition. Also in the spotlight, President Trump is due to give a speech on drug prices on April 26 at the White House. During the campaign, Trump didn't get too far into the weeds on the issue, but did say Big Pharma was "getting away with murder" on prices. He also called drug prices a "top priority" during his State of the Union address. Healthcare industry watchers aren't discounting that a wildcard could be thrown out by POTUS during the speech. If that happens, watch some of the usual suspects like Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ), AbbVie (NYSE:ABBV), Allergen (NYSE:AGN), Bristol-Myers (NYSE:BMY), Eli Lilly (NYSE:LLY), GlaxoSmithKline (NYSE:GSK), Pfizer (NYSE:PFE), Merck (NYSE:MRK), (Valeant Pharmaceuticals (NYSE:VRX), Amgen (NASDAQ:AMGN) and Teva Pharmaceuticals (NYSE:TEVA) for price swings. Notable earnings reports: Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Halliburton (NYSE:HAL), Hasbro (HAS0, Kimberly-Clark (KMB) on April 23; Coca-Cola (KO), Texas Instruments (NYSE:TXN), Caterpillar (NYSE:CAT), Wynn Resorts (NASDAQ:WYNN) and Verizon (NYSE:VZ) on April 24; eBay (NASDAQ:EBAY), Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM), Visa (NYSE:V), Twitter (NYSE:TWTR), Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), Chipotle (NYSE:CMG), Boeing (NYSE:BA), AT&T (NYSE:T), Las Vegas Sands (NYSE:LVS) and Comcast (NASDAQ:CMCSA) on April 25; Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN), Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), Starbucks (NASDAQ:SBUX), Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), Amgen (AMGN), PepsiCo (PEP) and General Motors (NYSE:GM) on April 26; ExxonMobile (NYSE:XOM), Chevron (NYSE:CVX), Clorox (NYSE:CLX), Charter (NASDAQ:CHTR) and Phillips 66 (NYSE:PSX) on April 27. See Seeking Alpha's Earnings Calendar for the complete list. IPOs expected to price: Ceridian HCM (NYSE:CDAY) on April 25; nLight (NASDAQ:LASR), DocuSign (NASDAQ:DOCU), Smartsheet (NYSE:SMAR) and Goosehead Insurance (NASDAQ:GSHD) on April 26. IPO lockup expirations: BP Midstream Partners (NYSE:BPMP) and National Vision (NASDAQ:EYE) on April 24; Nexa Resources (NYSE:NEXA), ForeScout Technologies (NASDAQ:FSCT), Merchants Bancorp (NASDAQ:MBIN) on April 25. Analyst quiet period expirations: Homology Medicines (NASDAQ:FIXX), GreenTree Hospitality (NYSE:GHG), Unum Therapeutics (NASDAQ:UMRX), Bilibili (NASDAQ:BILI), Iqiyi (NASDAQ:IQ) and Genprex (NASDAQ:GNPX) on April 23. Analyst/investor day meeting: Accenture (NYSE:ACN) on April 25. Notable annual meetings: IBM (NYSE:IBM) and HP (NYSE:HPQ) on April 24; Dover Motorsports (NYSE:DVD) and Charter (CHTR) on April 25; Zynga (NASDAQ:ZNGA) on April 26. Upcoming stock splits: Gail India (OTC:GAILY) 4-for-3 on April 25. Projected dividend hike announcements: Avery Dennison (NYSE:AVY) to $0.49 from $0.45, Ethan Allen (NYSE:ETH) to $0.21 from $0.19, FMC Corp (NYSE:FMC) to $0.18 from $0.165, Grainger (NYSE:GWW) to $1.40 from $1.28, Hanesbrands (NYSE:HBI) to $0.18 from $0.15, IBM (IBM) to $1.60 from $1.50, Invesco (NYSE:IVZ) to $0.30 from $0.29, J&J (JNJ) to $0.88 from $0.84, Lithia Motors (NYSE:LAD) to $0.30 from $0.27, Legg Mason (NYSE:LM) to $0.30 from $0.28, Noble Energy (NYSE:NBL) to $0.13 from $0.10, Paccar (NASDAQ:PCAR) to $0.27 from $0.25, Travelers (NYSE:TRV) to $0.75 from $0.72, Wynn Resorts (WYNN) to $0.75 from $0.50, Xilinx (NASDAQ:XLNX) to $0.37 from $0.35, Exxon (XOM) to $0.79 from $0.77, Zions Banc (NASDAQ:ZION) to $0.24 from $0.20. Tesla: Just when it appeared almost everything that could be said about Tesla was down on digital ink there appeared something new from Morgan Stanley's Adam Jonas. The analyst noted that Tesla will employ about 50K full-time U.S. workers by 2019 or 2020, which in turn represents about 350K jobs in the economy through the supply chain and associated links. Tesla may be more on the 'too big to fail' spectrum than the market realizes, tipped Jonas. Is it possible that Tesla has a friend or two in D.C.? New York Sohn Investment Conference: The wall-to-wall agenda of speakers on April 23 includes David Einhorn, Jeffrey Gundlach, Benchmark's Bill Gurley, Glenview Capital Management's Larry Robbins and Half Sky Capital's Li Ran. Check Seeking Alpha's news page for the latest updates. CinemaCon: One of the biggest yearly gatherings in the motion picture industry takes place this week in Las Vegas from April 23 to April 26. Execs from AMC Entertainment (NYSE:AMC), Cinemark (NYSE:CNK), (NASDAQ:IPIC), (NYSE:MCS), Reading International (NASDAQ:RDI), Disney (NYSE:DIS), 20th Century Fox (NASDAQ:FOXA), Paramount Pictures (NYSE:VIA), Sony (NYSE:SNE), Lions Gate (LGF) and Warner Bros. (NYSE:TWX) are due to present or preview films. Raider Nation: Things are moving fast in Las Vegas as politicians move to sort out how to pay for the $1.9B football stadium just off the LV Strip. Governor Brian Sandoval signed an executive order to create a commission to push for high-profile events like the Super Bowl in Vegas. Expect analysts covering Caesars Entertainment (NASDAQ:CZR), MGM Resorts (NYSE:MGM), Wynn Resorts (WYNN), Red Rock Resorts (NYSE:RRR), Boyd Gaming (NYSE:BYD) and Las Vegas Sands (LVS) to start working the math on how the stadium will impact local hotel and casino traffic. Healthcare action: The American Academy of Neurology holds a meeting in Los Angeles all week. Presenters include Ionis Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:IONS)-Roche (OTCQX:RHHBY) on a Phase 1/2 trial for Huntington disease, Alder Biopharmaceutics (NASDAQ:ALDR) on eptinezumab data, PTC Therapeutics (NASDAQ:PTCT)/Roche on RG7916 late-breaking interim data, Alkermes (NASDAQ:ALKS)-Biogen (NASDAQ:BIIB) on MRI and relapse multiple sclerosis data and Biogen on its Parkinson's disease treatment data M&A watch: Shareholders at La Quinta (NYSE:LQ) vote on the Wydham Worldwide (NYSE:WYN-OLD) deal for the franchise and management business on April 26. Validus (NYSE:VR) holders vote on the American International (NYSE:AIG) merger on April 27. Pending deal talk and speculation still swirls over Qualcomm (QCOM)-NXP Semiconductors (NYSE:NXP), Dell (NYSE:DVMT)-VMwAre (NYSE:VMW), Comcast-Sky (OTCQX:SKYAY) and Navistar (NYSE:NAV)-Volkswagen (OTCPK:VLKAY). There's also sure to be some more tea reading on the AT&T (T)-Time Warner trial twists and turns. Barron's mentions: Energy master limited partnerships deserve a look from investors after the spike in crude, advises the publication. Enterprise Products Partners (NYSE:EPD), Magellan Midstream Partners (NYSE:MMP), MPLX(NYSE:MPLX) and Plans All American Pipeline (NYSE:PAA) all offer attractive yields and distribution coverage ratios. The sharp drop in General Mills (NYSE:GIS) this year is seen as overdone, especially with Blue Buffalo's specialty brands about to go mainstream. Sticking with a simple valuation comparison, Barron's calls Micron Technology (NASDAQ:MU), Delta Air Lines (NYSE:DAL), Goodyear Tire & Rubber (NYSE:GT) and Navient (NASDAQ:NAVI) "cheap stocks" with growth potential. Sources: EDGAR, Bloomberg, CNBC, Estimize.com and Nasdaq.com. Editor's Note: This article discusses one or more securities that do not trade on a major U.S. exchange. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks.
https://seekingalpha.com/article/4163055-think-unsustainable-returns
How To Think About Unsustainable Returns | Seeking Alpha
Charlie Bilello
2018-04-15 07:00:33 -0400
04/15/2018
What a difference 9 years makes. On March 9, 2009, the market capitalization of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), Google (now Alphabet) (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN), and Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) stood at $74 billion, $92 billion, $26 billion, and $135 billion. Their combined market cap: $327 billion. Data Source for all charts/tables herein: YCharts. 9 years later these four companies would grow to become the largest in the world, with a combined market capitalization of over $3.2 trillion. They are all key components of the Nasdaq 100 Index, which has become a favorite among investors. Glancing at a table of returns, it's easy to see why. The index is on pace for its 10th consecutive positive year - which would be a new record - surpassing the epic run from 1991-99. While records are made to be broken, returns like we've seen are unsustainable. If the Nasdaq 100 were to repeat its 9-year performance of 23.8% annualized in the next 9 years, large cap tech stocks would own the world. While that may be possible, it's not probable. We're much more likely to see returns come down in the years to come as they did following the 1990s boom. That doesn't mean they have to crash in the same dramatic fashion, just that the high rate of growth is unlikely to persist. So how should investors think about unsustainable returns, in any asset class or strategy? First and foremost: with high degree of skepticism. One should operate under the assumption that such returns will not continue indefinitely but instead succumb to the law of mean reversion. For an existing investor, that means humbly re-balancing your portfolio to increase diversification and control risk. For a prospective investor, that means setting low expectations and wading in only with a high degree of caution. Since you cannot buy past returns they should have no influence on your decision-making process. Focus instead on the future and your best assessment of prospective returns. This is easier said than done, of course. In the 5 years leading up to the peak in March 2000, the Nasdaq 100 would generate an annualized return of over 60% per year. While it seems absurd in hindsight, many investors at the time were expecting these returns to continue. What happened next? An 83% decline to its ultimate low in October 2002. That's not to suggest a similar fate awaits us. The high returns and valuations in this cycle seem tame in comparison to the 1990s bubble. But compared to anything else, they seem unsustainable high, and investors would be wise to understand that fact and operate accordingly.
https://seekingalpha.com/article/4163016-venture-capital-deals-week-tencent-led-3b-investment
Venture Capital Deals Of The Week: Tencent Led $3B Investment | Seeking Alpha
VCDeals
2018-04-14 10:44:12 -0400
04/14/2018
Welcome to Seeking Alpha’s Venture Capital Deals of the Week. Follow this account and turn on the e-mail alert to receive VCDeals in your inbox on Saturday mornings. Group buying: Tencent (OTCPK:TCEHY, OTCPK:TCTZF) Holdings reportedly led a $3B round in Pinduoduo, a Chinese social media-based e-commerce company. The round gave Pinduoduo a $15B valuation. Pinduoduo allows users to group buy into deals from various segments with friends through apps like Tencent’s WeChat. Deal segments include everything from food to cosmetics and baby products. Pinduoduo launched in 2015 and had gross merchandise value of $637.5M per month in 2017, up from $15.9M a month in early 2016. Over 200M people placed a purchase on the platform in 2017. Facial recognition: Alibaba (NYSE:BABA) Group led a $600M Series C round in Chinese AI company SenseTime. The round brought valuation up to over $4.5B. Temasek Holdings and Suning.com also participated. SenseTime tech is used in surveillance systems used by law enforcement and commercial customer. The company is also working on self-driving algorithms and has a partnership with Honda. Alibaba’s Ant Financial developed a facial recognition-based mobile payment system. Alibaba is also using AI to help develop its smart cities projects. Digital health: Merck (NYSE:MRK) Global Health Innovation Fund and Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) Ventures participated in a $105M round for Livongo Health, a consumer digital health company. General Catalyst and Kinnevik led the round with participants including DFJ, Kleiner Perkins, and Caufield & Byers. The round brought total funding up to $248.2M. Livongo currently offers Livongo for Diabetes and Livongo for Hypertension, which offer a combination of consumer health tech, personalized health recommendations, and real-time support for those conditions. Livongo plans to use the funding for growth acceleration, investments in data science, to deepen integrations with existing clients and partners, and to develop a comprehensive consumer platform. Competition: Roche (OTCQX:RHHBY, OTCQX:RHHBF) acquired diabetes patient-support tech company mySugr for as much as $100M. Novo Nordisk (NYSE:NVO) partnered with Glooko for a diabetes management app. B2B travel platform: Alibaba’s Ant Financial participated in a $95M Series C round for travel B2B platform Ba Zhua Yu Online, or Octopus. The round also included travel and personal finance conglomerate Tempus Group and investment firm CCB International. Octopus was founded in 2012 and says it has served over 20K travel agencies and distributors on its platform, which offers domestic and international air travel and car rentals. Octopus will leverage Ant Financial’s online banking and Alipay. Alibaba has also partnered with B2C travel platform Feizhu and partnered with Marriott for a JV to sell online travel bookings in China. Competition: Travel guide booking service Hi Guides ($50M in total funding, Sequoia Capital and Matrix Partners among backers), Trip.com (acquired by Ctrip.com (NASDAQ:CTRP) in November), and Klook ($96.5M in total funding, Sequoia Capital and Goldman Sachs backing). Cystic fibrosis treatments: Novartis (NYSE:NVS) Venture Fund co-led a $41M Series B round in Enterprise Therapeutics, a cystic fibrosis disease startup. Enterprise has three drug targets for cystic fibrosis and other respiratory diseases. The company will use the funding to move three projects into clinical stage and to push one through a proof-of-concept trial. Competition: Vertex (NASDAQ:VRTX) is one of the leading cystic fibrosis treatment companies. AI-crowd customer service: Microsoft participated in a $20M Series B round for AI-based customer service startup Directly. Other participants included Constanoa Ventures, Northgate, and SVB, which contributed $3M in debt financing. Directly says it stands out from the competition by combining crowd power and AI. For example, Microsoft uses Directly to connect customer questions to a network of trusted experts (paid $20 to $60 per question with Directly getting a 30% cut). Directly’s AI sorts questions into topics and finds the best expert for that topic. Other Directly customers included Autodesk, Pinterest, Samsung, and SAP. Competition: LivePerson (NASDAQ:LPSN) and Pypestream ($22.5M in funding) are two in a crowded field. Data backup and recovery: Salesforce (NYSE:CRM) Ventures participated in a $15.5M round for data backup and recovery solutions company OwnBackup. Vertex Ventures an Insight Venture Partners co-led the round with participation from Innovation Endeavors and Oryzn Capital. OwnBackup offers cloud-to-cloud automated daily backups of SaaS and PaaS data with data compare and restore tools for recovery. OwnBackup is built on the Salesforce Platform and available on Salesforce AppExchange. Editor's Note: This article discusses one or more securities that do not trade on a major U.S. exchange. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks.
https://seekingalpha.com/article/4162479-best-wealth-building-dj-30-stocks-market-maker-forecast-now
Best Wealth-Building DJ 30 Stocks By Market-Maker Forecast Now | Seeking Alpha
Peter F. Way, CFA
2018-04-11 15:58:39 -0400
04/11/2018
Quality stocks price forecasts from best-informed pro players We have assembled our usual daily Market-Maker [MM] hedging-derived near-term (3-6 month) price range forecasts for the DJ 30-index stocks. Their Reward-to-Risk tradeoffs are pictured in Figure 1. Attractive Capital gain stocks are present, some "quality" stocks to avoid, overall market modestly underpriced; no widespread weakness in view. Figure 1 All materials presented here have been approved by blockdesk.com. Upside price rewards come from the behavioral analysis (of what to do right, not of errors) by Market-Makers [MMs] as they protect their at-risk capital from possible damaging future price moves. Their potential reward (best upside likely price change) forecasts are measured by the green horizontal scale. The risk dimension is of actual-experience price drawdowns at their most extreme point while being held in previous pursuit of upside rewards similar to the ones currently being seen. They are measured on the red vertical scale. Both scales are of percent change from zero to 25%. Any stock or ETF whose present risk exposure exceeds its reward prospect will be above the dotted diagonal line. Best reward-to-risk tradeoffs are to be found on this map at the frontier of alternatives, down and to the right. In this case from United Health Group (NYSE:UNH) at [4] to Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) at [2] to Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) and others at [10]. Additional dimensions of concern to investors appear as we look more deeply into how well the MMs’ forecasts have been met by subsequent market price actions. These are presented in Figure 2. Figure 2 The Figure 2 table has two distinctive parts. The first 4 numeric data columns are products of the analysis of current behavior of market professionals. Those columns and the one headed Range Index report what that behavior implies about the current expectations of investment professionals for the likely range of stock or ETF prices in the coming 3-4 months. The remaining columns report what actual market price activity produced when prior forecasts for each stock similar to those of today were used to manage investments under a common portfolio discipline. The Range Index column tells what percentage of each stock’s current forecast lies below the current market price. Under the Sample Size column heading a count of the number of prior forecasts with Range Indexes like today’s is indicated, along with the total number of all forecasts available from the past 5 years of market days. Thinking about the credibility of the current forecasts, the proportion of those similar prior forecasts that could produce a capital gain profit becomes a significant measure. It demonstrates the capability of the forecasters to be helpful to the wealth-building investor. Its proportion as a percent of the prior forecasts sample is in the column headed Win Odds. The Win Odds has an important impact on the Realized Payoff column next to it, where the NET gains of all the prior forecasts in the sample are reported. These results include the actual losses taken under our standard portfolio management discipline TERMD, applied to all forecast situations. TERMD sets the top of each implied price range forecast as a sell target for that single forecast. When first reached within the next 3 months’ closing market price that forecast position is closed so that the expanded capital can be immediately reinvested the following market day. If not reached in 3 months the position is closed and reinvested, regardless of gain or loss. The Risk~Reward Tradeoff map of Figure 1 presents upside forecast prospects to be pitted against actual prior worst-case downside price exposures during TERMD holding periods. The flavor of the prospective reward carrot, the column headed in the Figure 2 table as %Upside Sell Target, was muted there by the worst-tasting next-column experience headed Maximum Drawdown. That point is viewed as the most likely high-stress point to cause an untimely termination of the adventure. A termination then would be at the least productive, most damaging point. Instead, committing the discipline’s full 3-month time investment (but not beyond) might achieve potential recovery to profitability, perhaps even to reach the forecast sell target Between the target “cup” and the %Payoff “lip” serious adjustments to commitment enthusiasms can (and usually may) occur. They are indicated by the column headed Cred.Ratio where the Realized Payoff accomplishment is contrasted with the %Upside Sell Target offering. The more critical Reward~Risk comparison draws on the Win Odds (and its complement) to condition the Realized Payoff and the Maximum Drawdown as indicated in the Odds-Weighted columns. Figure 2’s rows provide all these important dimensions issue by issue for the more promising securities in Figure 1. They are accompanied by similar boldfaced measures of SPY to give a taste of “the market” as most frequently observed by the investing public. At the bottom of the table simple averages of the listed stocks offer comparisons of the group with SPY and with a much broader population of over 2,700 stocks and ETFs as measured on this day. The population data often reveals overly optimistic sell targets and abysmal payoff results. In contrast, the population’s “top20” issues, ranked by their odds-weighted prior forecast histories, typically present annual rates of capital accumulation in the +75% to +90% range and even above. Keeping Score The wealth-building score is measured by the portfolio’s compound annual growth rate, or CAGR. Each holding in the portfolio contributes its part, given the emphasis of capital commitment dedicated to it. Here each available candidate is viewed as having an equal participation prospect on an all or none basis at this point in time and opportunity. But CAGR is the meaningful standard. It makes the “speed” of wealth accumulation critical because the efficient use of time provides a non-financial leverage in attaining the portfolio’s goals. Recognizing that time presents a powerful (pun intended) function in the CAGR equation’s calculation, an understanding of each investment candidate’s time investment is important. In the financial community the “speed” of reward is measured in units of “basis points per day”. A basis point is 1/100th of one percent. Under the portfolio management discipline of TERMD the holding periods of capital commitment to various positions may be quite uneven. This is in contrast to the usual methods of measurement for portfolio performance, looking at all holdings during equal calendar periods. That style of measurement tends to encourage buy&hold investing strategies which result in grossly inefficient capital utilization when the significant leverage of time is considered. This kind of passive investment management behavior is a hang-over of 20th century investing economics when making holdings changes was quite expensive. At that time serious opportunity for positive reward increments was required to justify the cost of making holdings changes. Payback periods measured in multiple months to years could often be encountered. Advances in transaction technologies now present paybacks of days to hours, with trends spurred by incentives among competing service providers. When measuring the attractiveness of investment candidates in a wealth-building mission environment it makes sense to rank them by their demonstrated rates of capital accumulation. Figure 2 does that in their bp/day order, the last column on the right. The ranking tends to favor stocks with recent favorable experience and degrade those with extended unfavorable market history. The potential for demonstration of significant change in trend may encourage some overstaying positions or new investment choices with an investment losing its market-competitive edge. But it also impedes a too-eager repetition of falling-knife experiences where ultimate recovery may be reasonably expected. WMT, CAT, JNJ, KO, PFE, PG, CSCO, VZ, IBM, MRK, XOM, GS, UTX, and CVX are all in the latter category – about half of the stocks in the index. But perhaps their recovery potentials, when more clearly arrived, may still provide attractive (and fulfilled) rankings. When this level of analysis is focused on the odds for profitable experience and size of likely payoffs we have the comparisons of Figure 3. Odds and Payoffs Comparisons Figure 3 The orientation of this map is like that of the Reward~Risk Tradeoffs in Figure 1; good is down and to the right, not-so is up and to the left. Items in the white Payoffs area at left have achieved average Win Odds amounts less than 80 out of 100, and those in the extreme upper left corner also have had negative % payoffs from prior forecasts at current RI-levels. For market-reference we include S&P500 Index ETF (SPY) at [3] to provide a sense of aggregate opportunity and achievement. It turns out that the best current combination of Odds and Payoffs is in UNH at [6], with MSFT at [8] a close contender. Only a half-dozen of the DJ stocks offer more wealth-building attraction than the S&P500 ETF, SPY. A broader market look The upside-to-downside prospects of our population of 2700+ MM price-range forecasts is compared in Figure 4, where the day’s distribution of Range Indexes are displayed. Figure 4 Range Indexes tell what percentage of the entire forecast range lies below the current market quote for the security at the time of the forecast. It is like a “normalized” price tag. Cheap securities are at the left, expensive ones are on the right. A look at how many are to the right of 50, where upside and downside prospects are equal, gives a pretty good indication of how widespread a price decline threat exists. The fact that approaching 25 securities are stacked up at the left end of the scale, and at least as many more have RIs below zero (price now below forecast low), these are further indicators that overall market pressures are more likely to the upside than down. The summary lines of Figure 2 confirm that there are at least 20 stocks with highly attractive near-term capital gain expectations, with better than 8 out of 10 odds of being profitable. Conclusion Just because some media person has never seen a market index number before as high as it is now (or recently has been) doesn’t mean “the end is near”. Careful selection may well be a good practice, since experienced, well-informed market professionals are identifying several “quality” stocks where waiting for the development of a better outlook is advisable. UNH and MSFT appear to be opportunity leaders at the moment, and even more attractive ones are present. Please remember this is a near-term evaluation, suggesting CAGR price gain opportunities far above multi-year trendline price growth street estimates for the group. What may appear as more attractive in a few months, providing future price-compounding capital growth opportunities may be very different from the then less attractively-priced current investment competitors. An updating follow-up visit to the group is advisable. Additional disclosure: Peter Way and generations of the Way Family are long-term providers of perspective information, earlier helping professional investors and now individual investors, discriminate between wealth-building opportunities in individual stocks and ETFs. We do not manage money for others outside of the family but do provide pro bono consulting for a limited number of not-for-profit organizations. We firmly believe investors need to maintain skin in their game by actively initiating commitment choices of capital and time investments in their personal portfolios. So our information presents for D-I-Y investor guidance what the arguably best-informed professional investors are thinking. Their insights, revealed through their own self-protective hedging actions, tell what they believe is most likely to happen to the prices of specific issues in coming weeks and months. Evidences of how such prior forecasts have worked out are routinely provided. Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours. I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.
https://www.marketwatch.com/story/us-stocks-set-to-shake-off-last-weeks-plunge-on-hopes-over-trade-2018-04-09
Stocks relinquish gains in late trade to end slightly higher - MarketWatch
Anora M. Gaudiano
Apr 9, 2018 4:53 p.m. ET
04/09/2018
U.S. stocks pared most of the day’s gains in the final minutes of trading, closing only slightly higher Monday following news reports that the Federal Bureau of Investigation raided the office of Michael Cohen, President Donald Trump’s personal lawyer. Earlier, all the main indexes were trading sharply higher, as comments from Trump and administration officials alleviated fears about rising trade hostilities between the U.S. and China. The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.90% which at its session high was up as much as 440 points, closed up 46.34 points, or 0.2%, at 23,979.10. The S&P 500 SPX, +1.08% added 8.69 points to 2,613.16, a gain of 0.3%. As gains evaporated at the end of the session, only six of the 11 main sectors finished higher. Health-care and technology stocks led the gains, rising 0.9% and 0.8%, respectively. The Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, +1.51% rose 35.23 points, or 0.5%, to 6,950.34. Major indexes have been volatile of late, with the S&P 500 so far this year tripling the number of 1% or higher moves seen in all of 2017. Read: Stock-market bulls are looking for earnings to ride to the rescue Shortly before the market close, the New York Times reported that the FBI seized documents from Michael Cohen’s office, some of which are related to payments to adult-film actress Stormy Daniels. Markets immediately sold off. However, earlier, markets were higher thanks to signs that Trump may have softened his approach in a trade spat with China lifted appetite for global equities across the board. Optimism rose over the weekend after Trump alluded to hopes that an agreement could be reached between the two nations on trade. “China will take down its Trade Barriers because it is the right thing to do. Taxes will become Reciprocal & a deal will be made on Intellectual Property,” he tweeted. President Xi and I will always be friends, no matter what happens with our dispute on trade. China will take down its Trade Barriers because it is the right thing to do. Taxes will become Reciprocal & a deal will be made on Intellectual Property. Great future for both countries! In addition, administration officials made the rounds of Sunday talk shows, playing down the possibility that the situation will escalate. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin told CBS’s “Face the Nation” that he doesn’t “expect there will be a trade war.” However, uncertainty surrounding the issue continues to persist. On Monday, Trump complained about unfair car tariffs between the U.S. and China, referring to it as “STUPID TRADE.” When a car is sent to the United States from China, there is a Tariff to be paid of 2 1/2%. When a car is sent to China from the United States, there is a Tariff to be paid of 25%. Does that sound like free or fair trade. No, it sounds like STUPID TRADE - going on for years! China’s foreign ministry spokesman, Geng Shuang, said trade tensions were the fault of the U.S. and that his country couldn't engage in negotiations on the situation as it stands, according to Reuters. See: Why China’s Xi ‘cannot back down’ in trade battle with U.S. “With an absolute range in the S&P 500 of well over 100 points from top to bottom, if the past week reminded us of anything it was that high volatility often means big moves in both directions. Traders might be wise to prepare for potentially more of the same next week,” said Randy Frederick, vice president of Trading & Derivatives at the Schwab Center for Financial Research. “Right now, investors are learning how Trump operates in negotiating. He made an initial stance, trying to get the other side to cave in a bit, but recent commentary toward China has been more reserved and friendly, which is why we’re higher today,” said Sam Stovall, chief investment strategist of U.S. equity strategy at CFRA. “However, investors remain rightfully concerned that this war of words could turn into an actual trade dispute that slows economic growth and accelerates inflation. There’s no clear-cut signal for when we actually enter a trade war, and markets could still be disappointed about what could happen.” Gains in the technology sector were widespread. Microsoft Corp. MSFT, +1.97% climbed 0.6% while Alphabet Inc GOOGL, +3.18% , the parent company of Google, was up 0.8%. Apple Inc AAPL, +1.80% rose 1%. Shares of AveXIs Inc. US:AVXS surged 82% after Novartis AG NVS, +1.45% NOVN, +2.38% said it would acquire the clinical-stage gene therapy group for $8.7 billion in cash, or $218 per share. General Motors Co. GM, +1.17% rose 0.4% after Morgan Stanley upgraded the auto maker to buy. Merck & Co. MRK, +1.73% rose 5.3% after the drugmaker said a cancer treatment met its primary endpoint in a Phase 3 trial. The stock was one of the biggest gainers among Dow components. AbbVie Inc. ABBV, -0.90% gained 0.8% after the company reported positive results in a late-stage trial of a treatment for rheumatoid arthritis. Ionis Pharmaceuticals Inc. IONS, -0.09% gained 2.3% after the company’s unveiling of a licensing deal with AstraZeneca PLC. U.S.-listed shares of Astra AZN, -0.59% gained 1.4%. At the same time, investors are looking ahead to the kickoff of the first-quarter earnings season on Thursday and Friday, when BlackRock Inc. BLK, +0.90% , Wells Fargo & Co. WFC, +1.30% and JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPM, +1.30% are all due to report results. Asian stocks closed higher, with Hong Kong’s Hang Seng Index HSI, +0.08% rising 1.3%. European stocks SXXP, +1.01% finished with a slight gain. Gold futures GCM8, -0.55% settled slightly higher, up 0.3% to $1,340.10 an ounce. The ICE U.S. Dollar Index DXY, +0.19% slipped 0.3% at 89.841. Oil prices US:CLK8 rallied 2.2% to settle at $63.42 a barrel. Barbara Kollmeyer contributed to this report Join the conversation
https://seekingalpha.com/article/4161688-dividend-growth-portfolio-q1-2018-summary
My Dividend Growth Portfolio - Q1 2018 Summary | Seeking Alpha
Khen Elazar
2018-04-08 21:53:44 -0400
04/08/2018
Introduction It's time to summarize a volatile quarter. This quarter came after a wonderful year. The first month was a direct continuation of the Q4 2017, while the other two months were very volatile. In the past quarter, my portfolio's total return was -5.67% after fees and taxes. This was a tough quarter, and my total return was lower than the S&P 500's. I don't measure my portfolio's performance by its total return, yet it is still a good benchmark. My main goal is to achieve a growing stream of dividends, which will give me some more financial freedom. My dividend income over in Q1 2018 was 26% higher than the dividend income in Q1 2017. This is in line with my goals to achieve a 20% dividend income growth in 2018. Over the past quarter, I kept adding fresh funds, and the dividend growth so far is positively impacted by the tax cuts. In Q2, big banks will release the stress test results, which will give us a clue about the upcoming dividend payments. The short-term forecasts I made last quarter were mostly correct and supported my investment thesis. The interest rate was raised once again according to the Fed's plan. There is a coalition in Germany led by Merkel, and the tensions in Korea have faded. However, the big surprise was the trade war between the United States and China. The tariffs, if imposed, may hurt many American companies over the short term. I still hope that the two super powers will be able to solve these trade issues using negotiations instead of tariffs, which are economic weapons of mass destruction. While this is the major concern in the coming quarter, we are also getting closer to the midterm elections. These elections will allow us to understand the public's position regarding Trump's agenda. A major shift in the balance of power in Congress may imply that another change in the tax code is ahead, and we all know that the market hates uncertainty. When I look forward into the short-term future, I am monitoring closely the trade war and the polls regarding the November election. If 2017 had more geopolitical events that were concerning Europe, 2018 will be more focused on the U.S and China relationship. A positive aftermath may include an improvement in the situation in the Korean peninsula and the end of the trade war. The negative aftermath may include a world with much less free trade, and high tensions in Korea. Each scenario will impact the stock market. My plan for 2018 is to keep executing my investment thesis. I will keep allocating funds to my portfolio monthly. I will invest in stocks I believe are cheap or fairly valued. I will try to achieve higher dividend income and high total return. I see no reason to amend my investment thesis at the moment, as it has worked for me over the past several years. So far, I see the volatility as an opportunity which allows you to buy future income for cheaper prices. I don’t believe that the tariffs will have an impact in the long and medium term. I wish you all a great quarter. Investment Allocation In Q4 2016, I liquidated my Lending Club position as well as a short-term deposit I had. Since then, I put my emphasis on my three accounts: the brokerage account, the pension fund and my medium-term account. While I manage my own portfolio in the brokerage account, I use the services of two investment firms to manage my other two accounts. My dividend growth portfolio was more than 83% of my assets two years ago. In order to try to balance it, I allocated more funds to my other accounts. I want to balance it to hedge myself against possible failures in my strategy. Being overconfident in the financial world can lead to devastating results. Therefore, I am making some effort to allocate my funds and make sure that my assets stay diversified. Right now, my dividend growth portfolio accounts for 76% of my investments, and I am willing to lower this figure to 75% to begin with. Hopefully, I will be able to achieve it in 2018 as I allocate more funds towards these two accounts. In Q1, I increased the amount of funds I am allocating towards the medium-term managed account. However, I don't see it as a crucial goal, because my dividend growth portfolio is very well-diversified and contains a collection of blue chip companies. While I am proud of my achievements as a young investor, I must stay humble and diversify my investments wisely. My Goals At the end of 2017, I have set my goals for 2018. So far, I am on track towards achieving my financial and personal goals. While my net worth hasn't increased over the past quarter, I did invest more, and hopefully this investment will bring positive returns in the future. The dividend income grew by 26% YoY, and I am sure that by continuing to executing my strategy, my goals will be met. I also started to achieve goals regarding to my education, both formally and informally. I got started the MBA program at Tel Aviv University, which I am enjoying very much. Moreover, I have already read several books in 2018. Becoming a better investor requires experience and knowledge. I keep working on both aspects, and I must quantify them to see my progress. By becoming more educated and experienced, I will be able to be a better investor. On an even more personal note, I have some other goals that have nothing to do with the financial world. I hope to find the time and money to travel to a new destination during this year. By setting goals, you can organize your time better. I highly recommend it to everyone. It allows you to see your progress during the year. Sector Allocation As my brokerage account is my largest asset, I keep allocating money there according to my optimal sector allocation. As I am still accumulating, I don't mind buying stocks from sectors I am overallocated to. I don't want to totally ignore my optimal allocation. Over the past quarter, I tried to buy some consumer staples, energy and REIT stocks. I found attractive candidate in each sector, and I purchased some of them over the past three months. Over this quarter, I haven't changed my optimal allocation at all. It seems to work for me well. The financial sector has been an overachiever over the past several quarters, so I probably won't add to this sector unless a great opportunity arises. I still lack some companies in the IT sector. I am looking at Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) and several other companies like Texas Instruments (NYSE:TXN). In the past month, I wrote several articles regarding companies that I find attractive. I bought shares in some of them, while others are still on my radar. In Q2, I will try to add some more consumer staples, and information technology companies. I hope that the volatility in the Nasdaq index continues so I may have an opportunity to buy some tech companies for better prices. Sector Current Allocation Optimal Allocation Consumer Staples 18.9% 20.0% Health Care 12.6% 12.5% Industrials 12.1% 12.5% Financials 14.2% 12.5% Consumer Discretionary 9.6% 10.0% Energy and Materials 10.3% 10.0% Information Technology 7.4% 8.0% REITs 7.9% 7.5% Telecommunications 3.8% 4.0% Utilities 3.2% 3.0% My Portfolio The following table shows the current holdings in my brokerage account. All the companies below are part of my dividend growth portfolio. Alphabet (GOOG, GOOGL) and Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) don't pay dividends. However, they both enjoy steady growth in their free cash flow. This metric is the base of any dividend payment. As a long-term investor, I don't mind waiting until they are ready to share some of this wealth with their investors. Alphabet and Facebook have already started a buyback programs. I hope that both will offer dividends in the years to come. You can read my articles about investment in Google or Facebook for the future dividends here and here. Sector Company Ticker % of portfolio % of income Information Technology Apple Inc. (AAPL) 1.8% 0.8% Health Care AbbVie Inc. (ABBV) 0.6% 0.8% Health Care Abbott Laboratories (ABT) 2.1% 1.2% Financials Aflac Incorporated (AFL) 2.5% 1.8% Financials Ameriprise Financial (AMP) 0.8% 0.6% Financials Bank of America Corporation (BAC) 2.5% 1.2% Health Care Becton, Dickinson and Company (BDX) 0.9% 0.4% Energy BP plc (BP) 1.5% 2.6% Financials Citigroup (C) 1.2% 0.7% Health Care Cardinal Health Inc. (CAH) 1.8% 1.6% Industrials Caterpillar (CAT) 2.8% 1.8% Consumer Discretionary Carnival Corporation (CCL) 0.5% 0.4% Information Technology Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) 0.7% 0.7% Health Care CVS Health Corp. (CVS) 0.5% 0.4% Energy Chevron Corporation (CVX) 2.1% 2.4% Utilities Dominion Energy, Inc. (D) 0.3% 0.5% Consumer Discretionary The Walt Disney Company (DIS) 2.2% 1.1% REIT Digital Realty Trust, Inc. (DLR) 1.9% 2.3% Utilities Duke Energy Corporation (DUK) 0.6% 0.8% Industrials Emerson Electric Co. (EMR) 2.2% 2.0% Industrials Eaton Corp. PLC (ETN) 0.7% 0.7% Information Technology Facebook, Inc. (FB) 1.4% 0.0% Industrials General Dynamics Corporation (GD) 0.3% 0.2% Consumer Staples General Mills, Inc. (GIS) 0.8% 1.1% Information Technology Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) 1.4% 0.0% Information Technology International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) 1.3% 1.5% Health Care Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) 4.6% 3.6% Financials JPMorgan Chase (JPM) 2.0% 1.2% Consumer Staples Kellogg Company (K) 0.6% 0.6% Consumer Staples The Kraft Heinz Company (KHC) 0.2% 0.3% Consumer Staples Kimberly-Clark Corporation (KMB) 1.2% 1.3% Energy Kinder Morgan, Inc. (KMI) 1.1% 1.7% Consumer Staples The Coca-Cola Company (KO) 2.2% 2.3% Industrials Lockheed Martin Corporation (LMT) 0.5% 0.3% Consumer Discretionary Las Vegas Sands Corp. (LVS) 0.5% 0.6% Consumer Discretionary McDonald's Corporation (MCD) 3.5% 2.6% Health Care Medtronic plc (MDT) 1.7% 1.2% Industrials 3M Company (MMM) 0.9% 0.7% Energy Magellan Midstream Partners (MMP) 1.4% 2.5% Consumer Staples Altria Group Inc. (MO) 2.7% 3.6% Utilities NextEra Energy, Inc. (NEE) 0.5% 0.4% Consumer Discretionary Nike (NKE) 1.0% 0.3% Industrials Norfolk Southern Corporation (NSC) 1.8% 1.2% REIT Realty Income Corp. (O) 1.5% 2.3% REIT Omega Healthcare Investors Inc. (OHI) 2.3% 6.8% Consumer Staples PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) 2.7% 2.8% Health Care Pfizer Inc. (PFE) 0.5% 0.6% Consumer Staples Procter & Gamble Company (PG) 1.7% 1.8% REIT Park Hotels & Resorts Inc. (PK) 0.4% 0.7% Consumer Staples Philip Morris International Inc. (PM) 4.3% 5.5% Information Technology Qualcomm Incorporated (QCOM) 0.8% 1.1% Consumer Discretionary Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) 0.6% 0.4% Energy Royal Dutch Shell plc (RDS.B) 1.0% 1.6% Utilities Southern Company (SO) 1.0% 1.5% Telecom AT&T Inc. (T) 1.8% 3.0% Consumer Staples Target Corporation (TGT) 1.4% 1.5% Financials T. Rowe Price Group (TROW) 0.7% 0.6% Industrials Union Pacific Corporation (UNP) 1.3% 0.9% Industrials United Technologies Corporation (UTX) 1.6% 1.1% Financials Visa Inc. (V) 1.7% 0.4% Consumer Discretionary V.F. Corporation (VFC) 1.5% 1.1% Energy Valero Energy Corporation (VLO) 0.7% 0.7% REIT Ventas, Inc. (VTR) 0.7% 1.4% Telecom Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) 2.0% 3.0% Utilities Wisconsin Energy Corp. (WEC) 0.9% 0.9% Financials Wells Fargo & Co. (WFC) 2.7% 2.4% Consumer Staples Walmart Stores, Inc. (WMT) 1.0% 0.7% REIT W.P. Carey Inc. (WPC) 1.0% 2.0% Energy Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) 2.7% 3.3% I currently own 69 companies in my portfolio. I added two new positions in the past quarter: VTR and ABBV. I found them attractive during the quarter, and they fit all my long-term goals. I am not worried at all about the number of positions I hold. These blue-chip companies don't need me to follow them daily. In fact, I wouldn't mind holding them even if the stock exchange is closed for a decade. Acquisitions Made in Q1 2018 I bought shares in many sectors over the course of this quarter, i.e., in five out of ten sectors. In the healthcare sector, I initiated a position in AbbVie. The current sell-off gives investor an attractive valuation, and I took advantage of it. I advised investors to be more cautious with AbbVie not very long ago, but the improvement in the fundamentals, together with current valuation, made the risk-reward ratio more compelling. I also love the current price of CVS Health Corp. In the energy sector, I added to my positions in Kinder Morgan and Exxon Mobil. Both companies are still lagging their peers, and I found them to be attractively valued. Exxon Mobil suffers from a short-term negative sentiment due to its intention to invest more funds in capex. As a long-term investor, I believe this is a good sign, and I took advantage of the opportunity to buy some more shares. At the moment, I find Magellan Midstream Partners more attractive than Kinder Morgan due to the higher dividend and better track record. I also invested in the real estate sector. I initiated a new position in Ventas. I read some very interesting coverage by Brad Thomas, and as the dividend yield has hovered around 6%, I found it too hard to resist. After analyzing the company, I decided to start a small position in this well-known REIT. I am willing to add more to this position if the price keeps declining. This is the second quarter in a row in which I bought a consumer staples company. In this quarter, I added to my position in Procter & Gamble. The declining share price and the yield which was higher than 3.5% made it attractive to me. Sure, I don't expect any major dividend growth in the short term, but adding to this position at an attractive yield was very compelling. I will add more if the price keeps declining. In the utilities sector, I added to my positions in Duke Energy and Southern Company. Both companies' share price declined over the past several months. I don't think their fundamentals have deteriorated, so in my opinion, it wasn't justified. Therefore, I added to these two positions, and I will consider adding more if the valuation stays attractive. If the next interest rate hike starts a sell-off in the utilities sector, I will scan it again for more candidates. Sales Made in Q1 2018 Over the past quarter, I have not sold any stock. I sell when a company cuts its dividend, and that didn't happen in Q1 2018. When I look at the near future, the only dividend in danger is the one offered by Omega Healthcare. If the company cannot maintain the payout, I will sell my position. Moreover, I haven't sold any put options due to the high volatility. It's hard to find options with decent premium and an adequate margin of safety. What Am I Looking For? When I look at my portfolio, I see a great collection of companies. Last year, the only company that concerned me was BP. I was worried that the company will not be able to sustain its dividend. Obviously, I was wrong, and the cash flow has grown significantly. I am always looking for the weaker links in my portfolio, and I try to measure the effect of a possible dividend cut on my dividend income. In 2018, I will follow Omega Healthcare Investors closely. The whole SNF industry seems a little bit shaky, and some analysts and SA contributors believe that the dividend is at risk. While the dividend seems adequately covered now, it should be monitored closely. The company will pay roughly 100% of its FAD, so there is practically no margin of safety for the management. You probably recognize the chart below, as it is part of my stock analysis. Using this chart contributes to my analysis thesis. I keep looking for Type 2 stocks mostly, as they offer the best combination of growth and income. I will look for these Type 2 stocks in the consumer staples and information technology sectors. Stocks to Consider These stocks have all passed my initial screening and should be thoroughly analyzed before I decide to add more or initiate a new position. In the consumer staples sector, I am looking at Kraft Heinz and Procter & Gamble. Both companies suffer from very low EPS growth that had investors worried. I am trying to understand whether it's only a short-term weakness or a long-term trend. PG has been going through a restructuring process over the past years. I added some this quarter, and I may add more when I see the annual dividend increase. It will give me information about what management believes will happen to the EPS in the coming years. In the IT sector, I am still looking for an opportunity to buy Microsoft or Texas Instruments. However, at the moment I believe that the most attractive company in the sector is Facebook. The data breach issue is severe, but I don't believe it will have a long-term impact on the business. Facebook has a very wide moat, and that will help the company to confront this issue. The current P/E ratio is attractive, in my opinion, and FCF is forecasted to keep growing. In the consumer discretionary sector, I consider buying more shares of Disney and Royal Caribbean Cruises. If the volatility continues, I hope I am able to acquire some shares of Starbucks (NASDAQ:SBUX). The shares are still overvalued, in my opinion, and as growth slows down, I expect it to trade at a more compelling valuation. Conclusion Q1 2018 was a very volatile quarter. It is possible that the whole year will be just a volatile. I am looking forward to making the best out of the coming quarter as well. I will keep executing my investment thesis, as I invest in companies on a monthly basis. Hopefully, I will be able to achieve my goals and get closer to my long-term objectives. Last year, I believed that 2017 would be volatile, and I was wrong. 2018 seems to be much more volatile. The events have surprised me, as I thought the trade war wasn't going to happen. If 2018 stays as volatile as its first quarter, I will try to take advantage of the volatility and purchase some stocks that are very expensive at the moment. Good luck to everyone. If you would like to follow my portfolio and my analysis of the stocks I consider, please follow me by clicking the "Follow" button at the top of this page next to my name. Disclosure: I am/we are long ALL STOCKS IN MY PORTFOLIO. I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.
https://seekingalpha.com/article/4161597-venture-capital-deals-week-alibaba-instacart-lead-way
Venture Capital Deals Of The Week: Alibaba And Instacart Lead The Way | Seeking Alpha
VCDeals
2018-04-07 10:20:56 -0400
04/07/2018
Welcome to Seeking Alpha’s Venture Capital Deals of the Week. Follow this account and turn on the e-mail alert to receive VCDeals in your inbox on Saturday mornings. Alibaba sports: Alibaba’s (NYSE:BABA) completed a $190.78M Series A round. Jack Ma’s investment firm Yunfeng Capital led the round, which valued Alisports at $1.27B. China Taiping Insurance Holdings also participated. Alisports combines e-commerce, video, cloud computing, and IoT aspects to form a sports platform that covers everything from events to copyrights. Last year, Alisports announced a strategic partnership with the Olympic Council of Asia to bring eSports to the 2022 Asian Games. Instacart gains: Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) competitor Instacart closed $150M in funding, according to Axios. The round included Coatue Management and extended a Series E round now totaling $350M. Instacart’s valuation stood at $4.35B after the round. Instacart has raised over $1B in funding since 2012. Other backers include Sequoia Capital, Andreessen Horowitz, Kleiner Perkins, and Thrive Capital. As of February, Instacart had nearly 200 grocery partners and was available in 70M households in the U.S. and Canada. At that time, Instacart had just raised $200M in Series E financing at a $4.2B valuation. Competition: Shipt, which Target (NYSE:TGT) acquired in December, and Postmates ($278M in total funding, Spark Capital and Founders Fund among backers). Guided radiotherapy: T. Rowe Price (NASDAQ:TROW) Associates, Pfizer (NYSE:PFE) Venture investments, and Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) Innovation participated in a $100M Series C round for RefleXion Medical. The medical device company is developing a biology-guided radiotherapy system (BgRT) to create targeted cancer treatments. The Rise Fund led the round with participation from GT HealthCare Capital Partners, Sofinnova Partners, KCK Group, and Venrock. The round brought total funding up to $163.6M. RefleXion Medical’s BgRT system leverages Positron Emission Tomography (PET) to make tumors keep signaling their location during treatment, which allows for a higher dose of targeted radiation with minimized risk of damaging healthy surrounding tissue. Custom semiconductors: Western Digital (NYSE:WDC) was a strategic investor participating in a $50.6M Series C round for custom-designed semiconductor platform SiFive. Sutter Hill Ventures, Spark Capital, and Osage University Partners led and were joined by Chengwei Capital, Huami, and SK Telecom. The round brought total funding to $61.1M. SiFive creates processor core IP based on RISC-V, an open source CPU architecture. The funding round will help the company bring its products to market. As part of the funding, SiFive and Western Digital signed a multiyear license for SiFive’s Freedom Platform. Western Digital pledged to produce 1B RISC-V cores. *Competition: Microsemi (NASDAQ:MSCC) offers RISC-V CPUs and Codasip competes on the private side with $5.3M in funding and backing from Credo Ventures. Sales engagement platform: Microsoft’s (NASDAQ:MSFT) LinkedIn participated in a $50M Series C round for sales engagement platform SalesLoft. Insight Venture Partners and Emergence Capital also participated. SalesLoft’s platform serves over 2K customers including Cisco, MuleSoft, and Dell. The company plans to launch its AI-backed SalesLoft Assist, which was built using more than 500M sales interactions and can provide dynamic, real-time suggestions. SalesLoft also opened its platform for third-party developers and already launched an app marketplace with over 30 options available. SalesLoft will use the funding to add 200 employees across offices in Atlanta, San Francisco, New York and in Europe. Competition: Salesforce (NYSE:CRM) and Oracle (NYSE:ORCL) have competing products. AI insight platform: Workday Ventures (NYSE:WDAY) participated in a $10.3M Series A round for AI-backed insight platform Suplari. Shasta Ventures led the round with participation from Two Sigma Ventures, Madrona Venture Group, and Amplify Partners. Suplari’s platform lets procurement and finance teams identify cost savings and supplier risks. AI analyzes millions of enterprise data points and interactions across the enterprise to find previously hidden savings, fraud risks, and compliance issues. *Competition: MetricStory raised $2M in funding on April 2 in a round led by Seven Peaks Ventures and Birchmere Ventures.
https://www.marketwatch.com/story/opioid-ads-abound-on-social-media-and-websites-fda-commissioner-says-2018-04-04
Opioid ads abound on social media and websites, FDA commissioner says - MarketWatch
Emma Court
Apr 4, 2018 1:30 p.m. ET
04/04/2018
Despite regulatory scrutiny of the online advertisement and sale of opioids without a prescription, such ads continue to proliferate on social media and search websites, Food and Drug Administration Scott Gottlieb said on Wednesday. Those websites include Twitter TWTR, +5.62% Facebook FB, +1.15% and Instagram, privately-held Reddit, Google GOOGL, +3.18% Altaba's Yahoo AABA, +2.36% and Microsoft's Bing MSFT, +1.97% he said. "The easy availability and online purchase of these products from illegal drug peddlers is rampant and fuels the opioid crisis," Gottlieb said, according to a transcript of prepared remarks. "Internet firms simply aren't taking practical steps to find and remove these illegal opioid listings." The FDA wants to work with these companies, he said, and plans to meet with their management, academics and advocacy groups to address potential solutions, which could include changes to search algorithms to promote treatment programs and inform about risks. Buying illegal opioid products online "was as easy as buying any other product online," Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations Chair Sen. Rob Portman said in a January hearing.
https://www.marketwatch.com/story/facebook-is-in-bear-market-territory-apple-is-in-a-correction-and-they-are-far-from-alone-2018-04-02
Facebook is in bear-market territory as Apple flirts with a correction, and they are far from alone - MarketWatch
Wallace Witkowski
Apr 3, 2018 7:53 a.m. ET
04/03/2018
After the worst quarter for stocks in more than two years and another decline at the beginning of a new quarter Monday, nearly a fifth of the S&P 500’s tech sector closed in bear territory, led by Facebook Inc.’s decline of more than 20%. About 65% of the sector is in correction territory, with big names like Apple Inc. AAPL, +1.80% , Intel Corp. INTC, +3.41% and Microsoft Corp. MSFT, +1.97% flirting with correction levels. Earlier Monday, shares of Apple and Intel were more than 10% off their recent highs, but both closed the session at about 9% off those highs. Some big tech companies, like Google parent Alphabet Inc. GOOG, +3.18% GOOGL, +3.18% are already in a correction and are approaching bear levels. Read more about bear markets and corrections A bear market is defined as 20% or more off the stock’s 52-week high, while a correction is 10% or more off the 52-week high. Tech stocks have an increasingly large effect on stock indexes because of their weighting: The sector accounts for $6.473 trillion, or about 28%, of the S&P 500’s $23.438 trillion in market cap spread across 11 sectors, according to FactSet data. On Monday, 13 out of the 69 tech stocks on the S&P 500 index SPX, +1.08% finished 20% or more off their 52-week high, or at bear levels. Out of those 13 stocks, the hardest hit subsector is chips, with Broadcom, Qualcomm, Micron, AMD and Qorvo all in bear territory. The PHLX Semiconductor Index SOX, +2.34% is 12.8% off its 52-week high set in mid-March, compared with the S&P 500’s decline of 10.1% from its 52-week high, which was set in late January. Over the past 12 months, the SOX index is up 26%, compared with the 9.3% gain on the S&P 500. Large-cap tech companies — those worth $100 billon or more — that are already in correction territory include Alphabet, with shares more than 15% off their 52-week high; along with Cisco Systems Inc. CSCO, +2.22% , 11.2% off; International Business Machines Corp. IBM, +0.45% , off 14.9%; Nvidia Corp. NVDA, +2.15% , off 13.1%; and Oracle Corp. ORCL, +1.35% , off 15.8%. Shares of Microsoft and Adobe Systems Inc. ADBE, +0.81% are flirting with entering correction territory, with both stocks more than 8% off their 52-week highs. Wallace Witkowski is a MarketWatch news editor in San Francisco. Follow him on Twitter @wmwitkowski. Join the conversation
https://www.marketwatch.com/story/more-than-a-third-of-nasdaq-100-components-are-in-bear-market-territory-2018-04-03
More than a third of Nasdaq-100 components are in bear-market territory - MarketWatch
Ryan Vlastelica
Apr 3, 2018 8:48 a.m. ET
04/03/2018
The recent weakness in the Nasdaq-100 index of large-capitalization stocks traded on the exchange has wreaked havoc on its components, with about three-fourths of the stocks in the index seeing double-digit percentage declines from their most recent peaks. According to FactSet data, 35 components of the Nasdaq-100 NDX, +1.67% are in bear-market territory, defined as a drop of at least 20% from a recent peak. Among the notable names that have seen drawdowns of this magnitude, Facebook Inc. FB, +1.15% has shed 20.4% while Micron Technology Inc. MU, +2.00% is off 21.1%. Biogen Inc. BIIB, +1.06% has shed about 28% from its most recent peak. In a sign of how much the index has struggled of late, just 23 of the Nasdaq-100's components are not in correction territory, meaning they remain within 10% of their most recent peaks. Some of the index's largest and most influential names have held their ground, preventing deeper declines in the overall index. Among the stocks not in correction territory are Apple Inc. AAPL, +1.80% Microsoft Corp. MSFT, +1.97% and Intel Corp. INTC, +3.41% although all three saw steep declines on Monday and are within a few percentage points of dropping into correction territory. The Nasdaq-100 itself is 11.1% below its own 52-week high, while the Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, +1.51% is down about 10% from its own. The Nasdaq fell 2.7% on Monday while the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.90% lost 1.9% and the S&P 500 SPX, +1.08% was off 2.2%.
https://www.marketwatch.com/story/alibaba-joins-ranks-of-international-fund-managerss-favorite-stocks-2018-04-03
Alibaba joins ranks of international fund managers’s favorite stocks - MarketWatch
Mark Cobley
Apr 3, 2018 10:48 a.m. ET
04/03/2018
Internet giant Alibaba has become the first mainland Chinese company to join the ranks of stocks most commonly held by the world’s big institutional investors, according to data provider eVestment. eVestment, which tracks $37tn managed for investors like pension funds, sovereign wealth funds and endowments, said Alibaba BABA, +3.20% became the 20th most widely held stock as of the end of last year, in the most recent update of its regular Institutional Stock Ownership Report. The Chinese internet firm’s ascent in fund managers’ portfolios has been rapid; at the end of 2016, eVestment said, it was only the 43rd most widely held. Read: IQiyi, the ‘Chinese Netflix’ pockets more than $2 billion in IPO but stock falls in debut Alibaba’s rise caps a year in which technology firms based in emerging markets — particularly China — have been a favored play of outperforming stock pickers. The firm was one of the top performers in surging sector last year. U.K. fund managers such as Baillie Gifford, Kames Capital and Neptune Investment Management all called the trend correctly last year and ended up topping performance rankings as a result. The upper reaches of eVestment’s ranking of popular companies were dominated by U.S. tech giants. Microsoft MSFT, +1.97% is the most widely-held stock among institutional fund managers, while Google parent Alphabet GOOGL, +3.18% is second and Apple AAPL, +1.80% third. Facebook FB, +1.15% is fifth, behind banking giant JPMorgan JPM, +1.30% . Read: These emerging-market fund managers focus on the explosive growth of consumer spending However, another U.S. financial giant, Wells Fargo WFC, +1.30% , dropped out of the top 20 during the three months ended December 31, thanks to conduct scandals that have plagued its U.S. retail business. eVestment said: “Institutional asset managers sold about 21.8 million Wells Fargo shares during 2017, according to separate data also attached here, as investors, media and regulatory authorities continued to explore the challenges at the company.” A version of this report appears on FNLondon.com. Join the conversation
https://www.marketwatch.com/story/nasdaq-slumps-3-on-track-for-worst-day-in-nearly-two-months-2018-04-02
Nasdaq slumps 3%, on track for worst day in nearly two months - MarketWatch
Ryan Vlastelica
Apr 2, 2018 1:37 p.m. ET
04/02/2018
The Nasdaq Composite Index tumbled on Monday, turning negative for the year as technology and internet stocks slumped in a steep decline. The index COMP, +1.51% lost 3%, which is set to be its biggest one-day percentage drop since Feb. 8, as well as its sixth daily drop of the past eight sessions. At current levels, the Nasdaq is down 10.2% from a recent peak, according to FactSet data. Technology stocks were the biggest drags of the day; the sector lost 2.6%, with Google-parent Alphabet Inc. GOOGL, +3.18% down 3.1% and Microsoft Corp. MSFT, +1.97% shedding 3.3%. Apple Inc. AAPL, +1.80% was down 1.4%. Also weighing on the group was Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, +0.73% which shed 5% as President Donald Trump continued to tweet against the online retailer. The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.90% fell 2.4% while the S&P 500 SPX, +1.08% was down 2.6%.
https://www.marketwatch.com/story/losses-for-tech-stocks-could-reboot-as-investors-return-from-easter-break-2018-04-02
Stocks plummet as tech, Amazon lead broad selloff; Nasdaq negative for 2018 - MarketWatch
Ryan Vlastelica
Apr 2, 2018 4:24 p.m. ET
04/02/2018
U.S. stocks fell sharply Monday, in the latest example of heavy intraday volatility driven by both uncertainty surrounding trade policy and weakness in the large-capitalization technology and internet sectors. The day’s weakness was broad-based, with all 11 S&P 500 sectors dropping and eight of them shedding more than 2%. There was particular weakness in the technology and consumer-discretionary sectors, which took the Nasdaq into negative territory for the year and brought it within striking distance of closing in correction territory, defined as a 10% drop from a peak. In an ominous sign for where equities may be headed, the S&P 500 closed below its 200-day moving average for the first time since June 2016, after the United Kingdom voted to leave the European Union. That closely watched technical level — which the Dow nearly closed below as well — is seen as a gauge of the long-term momentum in an asset. The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.90% fell 458.92 points, or 1.9%, to 23,644.19. Losses were widespread in the blue-chip average, with only one of the 30 components, UnitedHealth Group Inc. UNH, +0.76% , ending in positive territory. All 30 components were below their 50-day moving average, a sign that short-term momentum may be trending to the downside. The S&P 500 SPX, +1.08% lost 59 points to 2,581, a decline of 2.2%. Only 13 of the S&P’s components ended in the green Monday. The Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, +1.51% was down 193 points, or 2.7%, to 6,870. With Monday’s tumble, it is now down 0.5% for 2018. The tech-heavy index is also near correction territory, defined as a drop of at least 10% from a peak. While such drawdowns are common, historically speaking, the Nasdaq hasn’t had a correction since February 2016. The Nasdaq-100 Index NDX, +1.67% fell 2.9% and all of its components ended in negative territory. The index ended in negative territory for the year. The day represented a rough start to the second quarter, but it was merely the latest example of heavy volatility, which has been plaguing markets for the past several weeks. The Dow and S&P broke a streak of quarterly gains in the first quarter, and the pair, along with the Nasdaq, logged steep declines for March. Historically, April has been a strong month for stocks, including the strongest of the year for the Dow. Don’t miss: Why stock investors should be welcoming the return of volatility Also: What struggled in the first quarter? Stocks, bonds, basically everything Trade policy continued to be in the forefront in the minds of investors after China announced tariffs on about 130 U.S. goods, including a 25% penalty slapped on U.S. pork and 15% on fruit. The news means China has made good on its threat to retaliate against the Trump administration’s tariffs on Chinese steel and aluminum imports. Read: Steel, cocoa among first-quarter gainers, but coal, sugar take biggest hits Technology and internet stocks also remained in focus, as the sector — still one of the stronger-performing of the year — has undergone heavy volatility. Facebook Inc. FB, +1.15% , Tesla Inc. TSLA, +2.49% and Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, +0.73% in particular have all seen steep moves of late, and they all tumbled in Monday’s session. Trump increased his attack on Amazon’s business practices on Saturday, tweeting how the U.S. Postal Service loses money each time it delivers an Amazon package, a statement others have contradicted. Amazon fell 5.2% on Monday; the stock is down more than 6% over the past month. Related: Don’t trade the tweets: Why Amazon investors can ignore Trump’s ‘concerns’ The IHS Markit manufacturing purchasing managers index hit a three-year high of 55.6 in March, up from 55.3. The ISM manufacturing report for the same month came in at 59.3, compared with a previous monthly reading of 60.8. A reading of 50 or above indicates improving conditions. A reading on construction spending, meanwhile, inched up 0.1% in February to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of $1.27 trillion, the Commerce Department reported Monday. Economists polled by MarketWatch had expected growth of 0.3%, compared with an unchanged reading in January. Check out: MarketWatch’s Economic Calendar “Today’s weakness has everything to do with China’s announced tariffs. Even though they were quite small, there’s a fear that this could escalate. We don’t know if this could be the end as far as retaliation goes, but it seems like the trade issue is escalating into bite and not just bark,” said Hank Smith, chief investment officer at Haverford Trust Co. Smith also pointed to the weakness in tech and internet stocks as a main focus for investors. “You need to keep in mind that these stocks have had tremendous upward moves over the past year, but whenever the specter of Washington shines on an industry, you typically don’t get good performance. That’s what we’re seeing right now.” Tesla fell 5.1% after the National Transportation Safety Board said it was “unhappy” that the electric-car maker revealed detailed information about a fatal California crash. Meanwhile, Tesla CEO Elon Musk sent out a series of April Fool’s tweets about the company going bankrupt. That is after shares sank around 22% in March. Despite the recent weakness, one analyst said the “perfect storm” of bad news had created a buying opportunity. CEOs of public companies shouldn't be putting out tweets like this Elon. Let's get real here, stay focused on what you need to be doing for shareholders. Humana Inc. HUM, -0.45% rose 4.4% after The Wall Street Journal reported late Thursday that Walmart Inc. WMT, +0.55% was in early talks to buy the company. Walmart, a Dow component, fell 3.8%. Alkermes PLC ALKS, +0.83% sank 22% after the company received a “refusal to file” letter from the Food and Drug Administration regarding its new drug application for ALKS 5461, a treatment for major depressive disorder. Alkermes management said the FDA hadn’t raised concerns before, and that they weren’t clear on what those objections even were. Among the notable decliners of the tech sector, Facebook Inc. fell 2.8% while Google-parent Alphabet Inc. GOOGL, +3.18% was down 2.4%. Microsoft Corp. MSFT, +1.97% lost 3% and Apple Inc. AAPL, +1.80% was down 0.7%. Intel Corp. INTC, +3.41% fell 6.1%. Netflix Inc. NFLX, +2.37% , a consumer-discretionary stock that often trades on technology trends, sank 5.1%, though it remains up more than 40% thus far this year. Read: Facebook is in bear market territory, Apple is in a correction, and they are far from alone European stocks SXXP, +1.01% SXXP, +1.01% were closed for Easter Monday. Asian stock markets NIK, -0.14% HSI, +0.08% had a mixed day. Oil prices US:CLK8 were trading firmly lower. Gold futures US:GCJ8 rose, while the ICE U.S. Dollar Index DXY, +0.19% DXY, +0.19% was down 0.2% at 89.89. Ryan Vlastelica is a markets reporter for MarketWatch and is based in New York. Follow him on Twitter @RyanVlastelica. Join the conversation
https://www.marketwatch.com/story/dow-sp-500-set-for-lowest-close-since-november-2018-04-02
Dow, S&P 500 set for lowest close since November - MarketWatch
Ryan Vlastelica
Apr 2, 2018 1:51 p.m. ET
04/02/2018
U.S. stocks fell on Monday, with major indexes on track for their lowest close in more than four months as technology stocks saw steep declines. The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.90% fell 2.9% while the S&P 500 SPX, +1.08% was off 2.9% and the Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, +1.51% was off 3.2%. At current levels, the Dow is poised for its lowest close since Nov. 20, though it dipped below this level on an intraday basis in February. The S&P could see its lowest close since Nov. 15. The Nasdaq, which only dropped into negative territory for the year on Monday, is set for its lowest close since Feb. 8. The day's weakness was driven by technology stocks, with Google-parent Alphabet Inc. GOOGL, +3.18% GOOG, +3.18% off 3.4% and Microsoft Corp. MSFT, +1.97% off 3.4%. Apple Inc. AAPL, +1.80% fell 1.3%. Also weighing on the U.S. stock market was Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, +0.73% which fell 5.1% after repeated tweets by President Donald Trump against the company.
https://www.marketwatch.com/story/amazons-market-cap-falls-behind-microsofts-into-4th-place-2018-03-29
Amazon's market cap falls behind Microsoft's into 4th place - MarketWatch
Tomi Kilgore
Mar 29, 2018 12:32 p.m. ET
03/29/2018
Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, +0.73% has lost its hold as the third-most valuable U.S. company by market capitalization, as the recent selloff in the e-commerce giant's stock has knocked it below Microsoft MSFT, +1.97% Amazon's stock fell 1.4% in midday trade, with its market cap falling to $684.3 billion from $693.4 billion, while Microsoft's stock rose 0.6% to lift its market cap to $692.4 billion from $688.3 billion. Amazon's stock has tumbled 9.2% amid a three-session losing streak, weighed by President Trump's criticism of the company. That selloff has shaved $69.3 billion off Amazon's market cap. Over the same time, Microsoft's market cap has lost $29.6 billion. The companies are still behind second-place Alphabet Inc. GOOGL, +3.18% at $717.9 billion and Apple Inc. AAPL, +1.80% at $860.5 billion. Amazon shares have still climbed 21% over the past three months while Microsoft's stock has gained 5.1% and the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.90% has lost 2.6%.
https://www.marketwatch.com/story/dows-nearly-300-point-rise-powered-by-rallies-in-apple-boeing-stocks-in-late-morning-trade-2018-03-29
Dow's 450-point surge powered by 70-point lift from Boeing's stock - MarketWatch
Mark DeCambre
Mar 29, 2018 3:18 p.m. ET
03/29/2018
The Dow Jones Industrial Average marked fresh session highs in the last hour of trading Thursday afternoon, with markets closed in observance of Good Friday tomorrow. Shares of Boeing Co. BA, +1.29% rallied more than 3% and were contributing nearly 70 points to the Dow's late-afternoon advance. The Dow DJIA, +0.90% was most recently up 450 points, or 1.8%, at 24,281. Apple AAPL, +1.80% shares also were delivering a jolt to the price-weighted average. Microsoft Corp.'s stock MSFT, +1.97% gained amid reports that it was undergoing a major reorganization. Technology shares have been under pressure for much of the abbreviated trading week, on the heels of worries surrounding Facebook Inc.'s handling of user data. However, Facebook's shares [: FB] were rebounding up 5.4% on the day, underscoring a recovery for the sector which has seen some of its most prominent names tumble. The technology-laden Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, +1.51% was up 2.4% at 7,114, while the S&P 500 index SPX, +1.08% rallied 2% at 2,657. All three benchmarks were on track to book weekly gains. For the Dow, shares of UnitedHealth Group Inc. UNH, +0.76% up 1.9%, also was helping lift blue chips.
https://www.marketwatch.com/story/dow-sp-500-decline-despite-positive-nyse-breadth-2018-03-28
Dow, S&P 500 decline despite positive NYSE breadth - MarketWatch
Tomi Kilgore
Mar 28, 2018 4:12 p.m. ET
03/28/2018
Although the Big 3 market indexes all closed lower, market breadth was mixed, with a slightly positive reading on the NYSE and a negative reading on the Nasdaq exchange. On the Big Board, the number of advancing stocks outnumbered decliners 1,503 to 1,387, according to FactSet, while volume in advancing issues accounted for 50.1% of total volume. On the Nasdaq, however, decliners topped advancers 1,601 to 1,289, while declining volume was 64.5% of total volume. Meanwhile, the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.90% fell about 9.29 points, or less than 0.1%, but 16 of 30 components closed with gains. All of the Dow's Nasdaq-listed components--Apple Inc. AAPL, +1.80% Microsoft Corp. MSFT, +1.97% Cisco Systems Inc. CSCO, +2.22% and Intel Corp. INTC, +3.41% --were among the losers. The S&P 500 SPX, +1.08% fell 0.3% and the Nasdaq Composite COMP, +1.51% shed 0.9%. Read the full story: Stock market books back-to-back declines as tech shares extend swoon
https://www.marketwatch.com/story/dows-200-point-slide-driven-by-microsoft-apples-stocks-as-tech-sector-falls-2018-03-27
Dow's 400-point tumble, driven by Microsoft, Apple, Goldman's stock tumbles - MarketWatch
Mark DeCambre
Mar 27, 2018 3:45 p.m. ET
03/27/2018
The Dow Jones Industrial Average was off more than 400 points in late-Tuesday afternoon trade, as shares of Microsoft Corp. MSFT, +1.97% and Apple Inc. AAPL, +1.80% among the leaders of Monday's surge, came under heavy selling pressure. Along with shares of Goldman Sachs Group Inc. GS, +1.09% those Dow components were exacting a roughly 110-point toll on the price-weighted blue-chip average. The technology sector was being buffeted the most, with the exchange-traded Technology Select Sector SPDR ETF XLK, +1.70% trading down 2.4% on the day. The technology-laden Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, +1.51% was off 3.4%. Most recently, the Dow was down about 444 points, or 1.7%, at 23,784, while the S&P 500 index SPX, +1.08% was 2.1% lower at 2,602.
https://www.marketwatch.com/story/dow-pares-gains-with-microsoft-and-apple-weighing-2018-03-27
Dow pares gains, with Microsoft and Apple weighing - MarketWatch
Ryan Vlastelica
Mar 27, 2018 2:12 p.m. ET
03/27/2018
The Dow Jones Industrial Average briefly turned negative in afternoon trading on Tuesday, with the blue-chip average pressured by weakness in large-capitalization technology stocks. The Dow DJIA, +0.90% was flat at 24,202; previously, it rose as high as 24,446.22. The biggest drags on the Dow were Microsoft Corp. MSFT, +1.97% which fell 2.1%, and Apple Inc. AAPL, +1.80% down 1.1%. Both stocks retreated following sharp rallies in the previous session. Apple climbed 4.8% on Monday while Microsoft surged 7.6% in its biggest one-day jump since October 2015. The S&P 500 SPX, +1.08% fell 0.3% while the Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, +1.51% fell 1.3%, pressured by the weakness in tech.
https://www.marketwatch.com/story/dow-falls-more-than-300-points-in-latest-day-of-heavy-downside-volatility-2018-03-27
Dow falls more than 300 points in latest day of heavy downside volatility - MarketWatch
Ryan Vlastelica
Mar 27, 2018 4:01 p.m. ET
03/27/2018
U.S. stocks closed sharply lower on Tuesday, ending a volatility session near the lows of the day as technology and financial stocks saw particular weakness. The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.90% sank 344 points, or 1.4%, to 23,859. The S&P 500 SPX, +1.08% sank 46 points, or 1.7%, to 2,613. The Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, +1.51% shed 212 points to 7,009, a decline of 2.9%. Tuesday represented the biggest one-day percentage decline for both the Dow and the Nasdaq since Feb. 8, but only the biggest for the S&P since Friday. The day's losses were widespread, with seven of the 11 primary S&P 500 sectors down on the day, though tech and financials were by far the biggest losers. Tech shares fell 3.4% in their biggest one-day decline in about six weeks, while financials shed 1.9%. Recent trading has been pronounced to the downside; major indexes have dropped in four of the past five sessions, although the only positive day -- Monday -- was the best day for the indexes since August 2015. Among the most notable decliners on Tuesday, Microsoft Corp. MSFT, +1.97% fell 4.6% while Apple Inc. AAPL, +1.80% was down 2.6%. On the upside, General Electric Co. GE, +0.14% gained 4.3%, rebounding off its lowest level since 2009.
https://www.marketwatch.com/story/a-rally-in-10-year-government-bonds-means-one-thing-the-stock-market-is-going-nowhere-fast-2018-03-27
A rally in 10-year government bonds means one thing: the stock market is going nowhere fast - MarketWatch
Mark DeCambre
Mar 27, 2018 4:17 p.m. ET
03/27/2018
A rally in the 10-year Treasury note, driving yields lower, Tuesday is implying that investors are picking up long-dated bonds, perceived as havens, in favor of stocks. The 10-year Treasury yield TMUBMUSD10Y, +1.46% hit a nadir around 2.79% during Tuesday's action, representing the lowest closing yield since Feb. 6, according to WSJ Market Data Group (based on 3 p.m. ET closes). Bond prices rise as yields fall. Bond buying comes even as the market has been digesting some $300 billion in issuance slated for this holiday-shortened week for the fixed-income market, with Good Friday marking a holiday for the market. More issuance should drive yields higher, in theory. Meanwhile, the equity benchmarks unraveled, notably the Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, +1.51% ended the day off 2.9%, cutting deeply into the technology-laden index's 3.3% return on Monday. The S&P 500 index SPX, +1.08% closed down 1.7% at 2,612, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.90% made up of 30 components, ended down 1.4%, led by sharp slumps in shares of Apple Inc. AAPL, +1.80% and Microsoft Inc. MSFT, +1.97% Much of Monday's rise was attributed to a lessening of worries around trade conflicts between the U.S. and China, but Tuesday's trade suggests that investors are more eager to buy long-dated bond than make a definitive wager on another blockbuster day for technology shares and the broader stock market, considered risky, after the Dow's 670-point surge a day earlier.
https://www.marketwatch.com/story/apple-plans-to-introduce-low-cost-ipads-to-win-back-share-of-education-market-bloomberg-2018-03-23
Apple plans to introduce low-cost iPads to win back share of education market: Bloomberg - MarketWatch
Emily Bary
Mar 23, 2018 9:47 a.m. ET
03/23/2018
Apple Inc. AAPL, +1.80% plans to announce lower-cost iPads and education software next week, according to Bloomberg, which cites several people familiar with the matter. The company is holding an education event in Chicago on March 27. Apple is reportedly interested in winning back share of the education market, as cheaper devices such as Alphabet Inc.'s GOOGL, +3.18% Chromebooks and Microsoft Corp. MSFT, +1.97% tablets maintain momentum in schools. Apple is also working on a cheaper MacBook, Bloomberg said, but that likely won't be ready in time for the March event. Apple shares are down 0.5% in Friday morning trading. The stock is up 20% over the past 12 months, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.90% has gained 16%.
https://www.marketwatch.com/story/tech-is-responsible-for-nearly-all-of-the-markets-2018-advancedespite-facebooks-stock-woes-2018-03-22
Tech is responsible for nearly all of the market’s 2018 advance—despite Facebook’s stock woes - MarketWatch
Ryan Vlastelica
Mar 22, 2018 1:17 p.m. ET
03/22/2018
Technology stocks may have gotten a black eye over the past week, but the U.S. stock market owes a lot to the sector when considering its 2018 move. Despite heavy weakness in the sector in recent days—driven in large part by Facebook Inc. FB, +1.15% which has slumped more than 10% over a controversy surrounding its handling of user data—the group’s longer-term outperformance has been a bright spot in the U.S. stock market in 2018. How bright? Tech is basically responsible for all of the overall rise in the S&P 500 SPX, +1.08% thus far this year. According to Howard Silverblatt, senior index analyst at S&P Dow Jones Indices, the S&P 500 has risen 1.88% on a total-return basis thus far this year, using data that go through the close of trading on Wednesday. By far the top-performing sector over that period has been technology, which has gained 7.52% as one of only five industry groups in positive territory thus far this year. The $SPX YTD 1.88% total return produces fun stats: Information Tech accounts for 94.9% of YTD gain, w/ConsumerStaples -35.6%; $AMZN accounts for 36.6%, $MSFT is next at 12.8%, w/ $AAPL 14th at 2.8%; $PG is worst, w/an -8.0% impact, then $XOM at -7.5%, w/ $FB 9th worst at -4.1% pic.twitter.com/3YPNQxB323 Given the size of tech’s advance, as well as its weight in the index—based on market capitalization, it is the largest S&P 500 sector group by a sizable margin—it has contributed a staggering 94.88% of the overall index’s year-to-date advance. Again, this data is through Wednesday’s close; U.S. stocks fell broadly on Thursday, with technology one of the biggest decliners, which will erode the sector’s positive year-to-date contribution. Currently, tech remains up 5.6% for the year. It remains the top-performing sector. Among the particular gainers of the sector, Microsoft Corp. stock’s MSFT, +1.97% 8.61% year-to-date rise is responsible for 12.77% of the benchmark index’s gain in 2018, while Nvidia Corp. NVDA, +2.15% (up 28.5%) has contributed 7.64% and Cisco Systems CSCO, +2.22% (16.55%) can take credit for 7.13% of the gain. Apple Inc. AAPL, +1.80% has risen a relatively slight 1.6% thus far this year, but due to its outsize weight in the index—it is the largest company by market value—that translates to 5.11% of the S&P 500’s gain. Beyond tech, the consumer-discretionary sector has also pulled more than its weight this year. The sector has gained 6.24% through Wednesday’s close, contributing 38.87% of the overall march higher. While tech has been the biggest boost, Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, +0.73% counts as the most valuable player of 2018 thus far. The online retailer has jumped 35.26% this year, and it has by itself contributed a staggering 36.63% of the S&P’s gain. In other words, more than a third of the overall market’s gain this year has come from a single, massive company. Netflix Inc. NFLX, +2.37% another trading favorite classified as a discretionary stock, has provided the third-biggest boost this year, behind Amazon and Microsoft. The stock’s 64.87% gain easily eclipses Amazon’s, but due to its smaller size, this translates to a contribution of “just” 11.96%. The most severe weight on the overall S&P 500 this year have been the consumer-staples sector, where an 8.4% decline is responsible for nearly 36% of the drag against the index. Energy has proved to be another headwind of a sector; it is down 4.32% year-to-date, contributing a negative 12.83% gain to the index. On the opposite end of the scale from Amazon, Procter & Gamble PG, +0.38% is the biggest negative contributor this year. It has dropped 15.51%, resulting in an 8% drag in the S&P 500. Exxon Mobil XOM, +0.73% and General Electric GE, +0.14% also stand as major downward pressures thus far this year. Ryan Vlastelica is a markets reporter for MarketWatch and is based in New York. Follow him on Twitter @RyanVlastelica. Join the conversation
https://www.marketwatch.com/story/these-4-tech-giants-should-make-you-think-twice-about-this-market-2018-03-22
These 4 tech giants should make you think twice about this stock market - MarketWatch
Mark Hulbert
Mar 22, 2018 4:00 p.m. ET
03/22/2018
Measuring the stock market’s valuation is made even more difficult than usual because of the dominant role currently played by a few giant technology companies. Consider the four companies in the S&P 500 SPX, +1.08% , other than Apple AAPL, +1.80% , with the largest market-caps currently — Alphabet (a.k.a Google) GOOGL, +3.18% , Amazon. AMZN, +0.73% Microsoft MSFT, +1.97% and Facebook FB, +1.15% . The average P/E ratio of these four, based on trailing 12-month earnings, is 101.7 — versus 25.6 for the S&P 500. If we focus on projected earnings over the next 12 months, these four companies’ average P/E is 57.2, compared to 17.6 for the S&P 500. Because these four firms’ market caps dominate cap-weighted indices such as the S&P 500, their sky-high P/Es have an outsized influence. If you eliminated these four from consideration, the S&P 500’s P/E would drop nearly 10%. It’s hard to believe that just four firms can have this much of an impact of the S&P 500 as a whole. Accordingly, both investment professionals and individual investors cannot ignore their outsized impact in analyzing the market. Opinion: Big Tech shake-up — three stocks to buy and three to sell One possible conclusion reached by many advisers: The stock market is not as overvalued as the overall numbers suggest. For example, Nicholas Colas and Jessica Rabe, co-founders of DataTrek Research, have described the market as having two stages: “Tech is expensive and getting more so as it outperforms, while everything else treads water or sees at best modest valuation gains.” “The rest of the S&P 500 [other than the tech sector] is not expensive by historical norms,” they note. “It’s only a fluke of index construction that makes it seem so.” Another interpretation of the data paints a less-favorable picture. It focuses on the stock market’s increasing dominance over the years by a few large, fast-growing companies. Their outsized influence is not a mere quirk of how indexes such as the S&P 500 are constructed. One consequence of this recent trend is that the stock market has become increasingly vulnerable to the fortunes of these few dominant companies. This week we saw a hint of this: On March 19, when Facebook’s stock dropped some 7%, the rest of the market plunged too, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.90% shedding more than 300 points. How much do these few largest companies dominate the stock market of today? Consider the percentage of all corporate profits that come from the 100 largest firms. In 1975 that percentage was 48.5%, according to research conducted by finance professors Kathleen Kahle of the University of Arizona and Rene Stulz of Ohio State. By 1995, 20 years later, it was only slightly higher, at 52.8%. But over the subsequent 20 years it skyrocketed and by 2015 stood at an amazing 84.2%. Read: The ‘popularity’ stock ratio that warns tech’s time may be up In other words, we now live in an economy in which all but 100 of the nearly 4,000 publicly traded corporations are scrambling for the few crumbs left after the mega-earners have eaten. Some have referred to this situation as a “winner take all economy,” and predict that these top earners will come to dominate the stock market even more. If so, then investors need to rethink how to gauge the market’s overall valuation. There would be little solace in knowing that the majority of companies are not overvalued, since it’s the mega-caps’ valuation that really matters. That in turn means that today’s stock market is especially vulnerable to even a small earnings misstep at any of these mega-cap companies. Watch out. For more information, including descriptions of the Hulbert Sentiment Indices, go to The Hulbert Financial Digest or email mark@hulbertratings.com . Mark Hulbert has been tracking the advice of more than 160 financial newsletters since 1980. Join the conversation
https://www.marketwatch.com/story/every-dow-stock-falls-premarket-led-by-boeing-2018-03-22
Every Dow stock falls premarket, led by Boeing - MarketWatch
Tomi Kilgore
Mar 22, 2018 9:14 a.m. ET
03/22/2018
All 30 components of the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.90% are declining in premarket trade Thursday, with Boeing Co. BA, +1.29% shares pacing the losses, as Dow futures YMM8, +0.94% fall 311 points ahead of the open. Boeing's stock was shedding 2.0%; the $6.65 price decline would shave about 46 points off the Dow's price. Among some of the other bigger decliners, shares of Travelers Companies Inc. TRV, +0.60% gave up 1.6%, Chevron Corp. CVX, -0.36% shed 1.5%, Intel Corp. INTC, +3.41% lost 1.4%, Microsoft Corp. MSFT, +1.97% slid 1.3% and American Express Co. AXP, -0.05% fell 1.4%. The most active stock was Apple Inc. AAPL, +1.80% which lost 1.1%.
https://www.marketwatch.com/story/advice-for-facebooks-mark-zuckerberg-dont-be-a-total-dick-like-bill-gates-2018-03-21
Advice for Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg: Don’t behave the way Bill Gates did in 1998 - MarketWatch
Shawn Langlois
Mar 21, 2018 2:19 p.m. ET
03/21/2018
Mark Zuckerberg might want to bone up on his browser history. When Microsoft was under fire from the Justice Department in 1998 for forcing Internet Explorer down the throats of companies around the world, then-Chairman and CEO Bill Gates went into full bobbing-and-weaving mode. Or, as former Yahoo Finance host Jeff Macke describes it, Gates was a “total d—k,” when he should have been more cooperative. And it ultimately cost him. Here’s a snippet from Gates’s infamous deposition: Adam Liptak, senior counsel for the New York Times back then, called it “a disastrous deposition” and “a comic masterpiece of evasion and obfuscation.” In a Wednesday tweet, Macke, president of Macke Asset Management, doesn’t disagree, saying Zuckerberg should learn from Gates’s mistakes if he wants Facebook to recover: Facebook: the stock only bottoms if they “surrender”. The $MSFT Dead $ Scenario triggers if $FB fights back. MSFT spent so much energy beating the DOJ and Netscape they never saw Apple coming. Zuck needs to kneel. Be convincing. The Win for $FB is to lose fast. The charts... pic.twitter.com/UmXf7R5sow The takeaway from his scrawling chartstorm is that he believes Zuckerberg needs to step up and “own it.” Get out in front of all this before Facebook FB, +1.15% has a “lost decade” as Microsoft MSFT, +1.97% did. Or even becomes the next MySpace. Read: Why Facebook shares are dead money for 2018. So far, Zuckerberg’s been off the radar. With the government going after Facebook and political consulting firm Cambridge Analytica for obtaining information belonging to 50 million of the social media company’s users without permission, Zuckerberg hasn’t had much to say, though that reportedly will be changing soon. Read: 5 things Facebook should be changing today. Shawn Langlois is an editor and writer for MarketWatch in Los Angeles. Follow him on Twitter @slangwise. Join the conversation
https://www.marketwatch.com/story/oracles-stock-sinks-as-disappointing-results-prompt-analyst-downgrades-2018-03-20
Oracle's stock sinks as disappointing results prompt analyst downgrades - MarketWatch
Tomi Kilgore
Mar 20, 2018 7:41 a.m. ET
03/20/2018
Shares of Oracle Corp. ORCL, +1.35% sank 8.4% in premarket trade Tuesday, after the software company's fiscal third-quarter results prompted downgrades by Wall Street analysts. The company reported late Monday profit that beat expectations but sales that missed, amid disappointing growth in its cloud computing business. Stifel Nicolaus analyst Brad Reback cut his rating to hold, after being at buy since at least June 2015, saying the "lackluster" results come in face of strong results from other software companies, including Microsoft Corp. MSFT, +1.97% Salesforce.com Inc. CRM, +0.92% and Adobe Systems Inc. ADBE, +0.81% He said even Oracle's profit beat was driven largely by a lower-than-expected tax rate. KeyBanc Capital's Monika Garg downgraded Oracle to sector weight from overweight. Garg said the transition to the cloude is taking "much longer to play out" then expected, after a third-straight quarter that cloud results and guidance has disappointed, and as execution risk has increased given "larger cloud competitors are growing faster." The stock has rallied 14.9% over the past 12 months, while the technology-heavy Nasdaq 100 NDX, +1.67% has run up 26.8% and the S&P 500 SPX, +1.08% has gained 14.3%. Read the full story: Oracle stock heads for worst day since 2013, analysts run for shelter after cloud bursts
https://www.marketwatch.com/story/all-30-dow-stocks-fall-amid-facebook-driven-selloff-2018-03-19
All 30 Dow stocks fall amid Facebook-driven selloff - MarketWatch
Ryan Vlastelica
Mar 19, 2018 1:23 p.m. ET
03/19/2018
U.S. stocks fell broadly on Monday, with major indexes poised for their biggest one-day drop in more than a month. The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.90% lost 1.8%, on track for its biggest one-day percentage drop since Feb. 8. The day's losses were widespread; not only were all 11 of the primary S&P 500 sectors down on the day, but so were all 30 Dow components. Leading the decline, on a percentage basis, was Caterpillar Inc. CAT, +1.06% which fell 3.3%. Among other big decliners, Goldman Sachs Group Inc. GS, +1.09% lost 2.7% while Johnson & Johnson JNJ, +1.37% was off 2.2%. For the broad market, the day's losses were driven by Facebook Inc. FB, +1.15% which sank 7%, on track for its worst session in years. The stock came under heavy selling pressure over how it manages third-party access to its users' information, after saying a firm with ties to the 2016 Trump campaign improperly kept member data for years despite saying it had destroyed those records. While Facebook isn't a Dow component, the decline pressured technology stocks broadly; Cisco Systems CSCO, +2.22% fell 2.2% while Microsoft Corp. MSFT, +1.97% lost 2.7%. Apple Inc. AAPL, +1.80% fell 2.1%. Relatively speaking, the best performer on the day was Coca-Cola Co., which fell less than 0.1%. Separately, the S&P 500 SPX, +1.08% fell 1.8% and the Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, +1.51% was down 2.4%.
https://www.marketwatch.com/story/white-house-taps-chris-liddell-to-be-deputy-chief-of-staff-2018-03-19
White House taps Chris Liddell to be deputy chief of staff - MarketWatch
Rebecca Ballhaus
Mar 19, 2018 12:05 p.m. ET
03/19/2018
WASHINGTON—President Donald Trump has elevated Chris Liddell, who now serves in a White House office aimed at streamlining the federal government, to deputy chief of staff for policy coordination, the White House press secretary said Monday. Liddell, a former Microsoft Corp. MSFT, +1.97% and General Motors Co. GM, +1.17% executive who was under consideration earlier this month to serve as the next director of the National Economic Council, will be a second deputy to White House Chief of Staff John Kelly. Trump last week named CNBC commentator Lawrence Kudlow to lead the NEC, which is the White House’s top economic-advisory post. He will succeed the departing Gary Cohn. “Chris is widely respected across the administration and is highly qualified to oversee and coordinate our policy process,” Kelly said in a statement. “We look forward to having him in this new role.” Kelly’s other deputy is Joe Hagin, who oversees White House operations. An expanded version of this story is available at WSJ.com Also on WSJ.com North Korea to meet for talks with U.S., South Korean delegations in Helsinki The next housing crisis — a shortage of new homes The battery boost we’ve been waiting for is getting close Join the conversation
https://seekingalpha.com/article/4157300-retire-rich-buy-low-sell-high
Retire Rich: How To Buy Low And Sell High | Seeking Alpha
Financially Free Investor
2018-03-17 08:00:00 -0400
03/17/2018
Sure, everyone wants to buy low and sell high. However, it is easier said than done and most people fail to achieve this. As a matter of fact, the opposite may be true with a vast majority of retail investors. According to the 2014 report of Dalbar's Quantitative Analysis of Investor Behavior (QAIB), the average investor earned a net annualized rate of return of 2.63% for the 10-year time period ending Dec. 31, 2013. The long-term returns were no better. The 20-year and 30-year annualized returns came in at just 2.53% and 1.9% respectively. It assumes that the average investor was invested in a blend of equities and fixed-income funds. So, how can we buy low and sell high? For sure, we do not recommend market timing. But we believe there are ways that could allow you to buy low and sell high without market timing. Most of these methods fall into the realm of systematic investing approach. We are a fan of systematic investing, and many of our portfolios rely on some kind of underlying system. The main advantage of a systematic approach we see is that it eliminates the emotional response or decisions during both good times and bad, especially during market corrections or crashes. Types of Investors: We want to clarify that the strategy discussed in this article may not be suitable for everyone. In fact, there are three types of investors broadly. We are not including traders in our definition of investors. Most Passive Investors: Actually, most passive investors should stick to investing in broad indexes or ETFs, and if they can tolerate the market gyrations, over time they will do just fine. Passive-Active investors: These are the investors who are kind of in the middle. Even though they are passive due to lack of time, expertise or any other reason, but they still like to meddle in individual stocks. These investors should stick to DGI investing, meaning investing large, blue chip, dividend paying, and dividend growing companies. They could also invest a small amount of capital in growth companies. Active Investors: These are the investors who like to be on top of their investments. For some, it borders on a part-time hobby. They are always in search of some alpha in the market. They are open to looking at new strategies. They are not interested in investing in S&P 500 or any other indexes, at least for most of their investment capital. Our regular readers and follower would probably know that we fall into the last category. Normally, we advocate investment in multiple strategies. By combining many strategies, we are able to bring diversification, improve returns and reduce the overall volatility and risks. Not all strategies are going to behave the same way at all times. When one strategy zigs, some other will zag. With this spirit of looking for alpha, we are always experimenting and backtesting new ideas. In this article, we are going to share one such idea. Buy-Low Sell-High Strategy using DGI stocks: This strategy is not for people who are already in the withdrawal phase. It is best suited for folks who are in the accumulation phase and still 10-20 years away from retirement. That said, it can still be used by anyone who is investing regularly in the stock market. This strategy does not require you to invest all of the money up front, but we would invest over a period of time, likely 5-10 years. Buy Strategy: The strategy is long-term in a selected set of stocks. Since we are going to hold these stocks for a long time, we must select stocks that represent relatively large companies, pay a good dividend and have a dividend history of at least 10 years. We want to fill at least half of our portfolio with dividend aristocrats or champions - those that have at least 25 years of dividend history with continual dividend growth. For the rest of the portfolio, we should look at companies that may have a shorter dividend history, but are moving in the right direction. For example, if we were going to construct a portfolio today, Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) would fit the bill. They have less than 25 years of dividend history, but all indications are that they will continue to pay and grow their dividends. For each stock, on a daily basis, we will calculate the average price of the previous 252 days (which is approximately one year in terms of trading days). We multiply this average price by a factor like 0.90 or 0.85 etc. giving us the “Target Price.” We will call this multiplication factor the “Buy-Low-Factor.” We will provide the details below as to how we determine this factor. Thereafter, we will compare the current price with the target price. If the current price is lower than the target price, we will buy the next lot of shares. We also determine the maximum number of shares that we want to have in any single company. Buy-Low Factor: For any given stock, we should look at the annual volatility. For low volatility stocks, the Buy-Low Factor would be 0.90. For medium volatility stocks, it should be 0.85. Even though our strategy will rely mostly on low or medium volatility stocks, if we have a high volatility stock in our portfolio the Buy-Low-Factor will need to be 0.80 or lower. Example: Stock: Proctor & Gamble (NYSE:PG) Volatility: Low Buy-low-factor: 0.90 Initial shares: 100 Incremental shares: 100 Maximum shares: 500 Sell Strategy: The sell strategy is optional. If the investor really believes in the stock/company and wants to retain the investment as buy-and-hold, there is no need to adopt the sell strategy. Investors who may like to sell partially when the prices are high, may adopt this sell strategy. As in the buy strategy, for each stock, on a daily basis we will calculate the average price of the previous 252 days (approximately one year in trading days). However, we will use multiple criteria to determine the sell decision. Current shares match the target-allocation And current-price > 1.15 times 252-days-average-price And current-price > 1.10 times last-buy-price (most recent buy) And current-price > 1.50 times our average-cost-basis in the stock. When all four conditions are met, we will sell only a partial quantity (generally the same number of shares that we bought last time). The sell strategy could be flexible depending on the investor. Some investors may not like to sell at all and may just use the buy-and-hold approach. Some others may like to sell a partial quantity if a position has become overweight in the portfolio and thus may like to reduce the exposure. Example: Stock: PG Volatility: Low Target allocation: 500 shares Sell-high-factor: Combination of three criteria. No of shares to sell 100 Backtesting Results: The strategy will have no meaning if it does not show promise in the backtesting results. For our backtesting, we initially selected 12 stocks. The stocks have been selected from various sectors/industries, though they are all solid blue-chip companies with long history of paying dividends. Since our period of backtesting is 1995-2018, we have to think what stocks should we have bought in 1995. Many of the well-established dividend companies of today (like Microsoft and Apple) had not started a dividend payment policy in 1995. Obviously, it will be almost impossible to eliminate a selection bias entirely, but we have made an effort to look at the companies as if they had met our criteria back in 1995. Even though we kept the same 12 companies in our backtesting for the entire period, in a real-life portfolio one could add new companies with time to keep the portfolio well diversified and balanced. List of stocks: Symbol Company Name Sector/Industry 1 ADP Automatic Data Processing (NASDAQ:ADP) Business Services 2 ED Consolidated Edison (NYSE:ED) Utility 3 JNJ Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) Healthcare/ Drug 4 LOW Lowe’s Companies (NYSE:LOW) Retail/Home Improvement 5 MCD McDonald’s Corp (NYSE:MCD) Restaurants 6 MMM 3M Co (NYSE:MMM) Industrials 7 MO Altria Group (NYSE:MO) Tobacco 8 PG Proctor & Gamble (PG) Consumer defensive 9 T AT&T Inc. (NYSE:T) Telecom Services 10 TXN Texas Instruments (NYSE:TXN) Technology/Semiconductor 11 WFC Wells Fargo & Co (NYSE:WFC) Banking 12 XOM Exxon Mobil (NYSE:XOM) Energy Backtesting: Buy Low and Sell High Strategy We will buy up to 500 shares of any one stock before initiating the sell-strategy. If the number of shares falls below 500, no sale will occur, and we will buy at the next opportune time as per the strategy. The backtesting model assumes that we started investing in 1995 and ran the model until 2018. Rules and Assumptions: Period of testing: January 1995 – March 14, 2018 Buy rules: Buy the first 100 shares of each stock on the first day of the test period (Jan. 3, 1995) Buy any subsequent shares when the current price is less than 90% of the average price of the past year (that is 252 days). Also, after the first buy, all subsequent purchases will be at least 252 days apart. Sell rules: Do not sell unless the total shares of a company have reached 500. Sell only if the current price is: > 1.15 times of the average price of the past year (that is 252 days) and > 1.10 times the price of last (most recent) purchase and > 1.50 times the average purchase price of the stock in our portfolio. The system will run the check for buy and sell signals on a daily basis using end-of-day data. Below are the tables of buy-sell transactions as determined by our system during the period from 01/01/1995 until 03/14/2018 for each stock in our portfolio. Prices shown are split-adjusted prices. (ADP) (ED) (JNJ) (LOW) (MCD) (MMM) (MO) (PG) (T) (TXN) (WFC) (XOM) Performance: Below is the performance of the portfolio (with 12 securities) assuming all dividends were reinvested in the respective securities. (courtesy Morningstar.com portfolio) Adding Bank of America (NYSE:BAC) and Aflac Inc. (NYSE:AFL) to the portfolio: Now, there will be a valid criticism that this study may have a selection bias. To remove doubts about any selection bias, let’s assume we picked some dogs on our list. We will now add two of the worst performers during the financial crisis of 2008-2009. Both companies had paid dividends for a long time, and one of them (AFL) is actually a dividend aristocrat. Let’s first add BAC, whose share price has still not recovered to the pre-recession period. The company was dragged down due to subprime mortgage crisis to the extent that its survival was at stake. It eventually survived and recovered, but its share price still trades below its pre-recession level even after 9 years of the current bull market. The overall performance [CAGR: compound annual growth rate] came down from 14.73% a year to 14.44% - a drop but not big at all. Now, let’s add Aflac, which was the worst of the dividend aristocrats in terms of drawdown during the 2008-09 crisis. Its share price dropped by about 80%. However, it recovered nicely during the following years. The overall performance [CAGR] improved a bit to 14.47%. However, when considering the impact of these two companies combined, it was down slightly from the level of 14.73% to 14.47%. We could add a couple more under-performers, but the overall impact will be very small as long as the majority of the stocks are reasonably good picks. Amounts invested over the years in the 14-stock portfolio: With a net investment capital of $162,333, invested in 14 stocks over the years, it grew into a large sum of almost $1.5 million over 23 years, providing a CAGR of roughly 14.50%. Conclusion: This portfolio is based on a predetermined, systematic approach. The portfolio does not require the entire investment up front, but allows us to invest at different times. The system is flexible, and we can decide how much we want to be invested in each stock. We can also see that even if we had selected a few stocks that did not do very well, the overall results would still have been outstanding. Though we presented the backtesting results based on the buy and sell approach, it is entirely up to the investor if they want a pure buy-and-hold approach. Over a period of 23 years, we had fewer than 10 transactions for most stocks. In total, we had 107 transactions for 14 stocks over 23 years. We will admit, the stock selection process (for backtesting purposes) may have some bias towards strong stocks, but we also picked stocks that performed to varying degrees at different times. For example, Exxon Mobil hasn’t done much in terms of share performance since October 2014. Bank of America had especially terrible performance during and after the financial crisis. Essentially this portfolio strategy uses the concept of dollar cost averaging (DCA), but instead of buying at a regular interval, it only buys when the price is relatively cheap and sells when the price is relatively high. Disclaimer: The information presented in this article is for informational purposes only and in no way should be construed as financial advice or recommendation to buy or sell any stock. Please always do further research and do your own due diligence before making any investments. Every effort has been made to present the data/information accurately; however, the author does not claim 100% accuracy. The stock portfolio presented here is a model portfolio for demonstration purposes; however, the author holds many of the same stocks in his personal portfolio. Author's Note: The Passive DGI Core portfolio is published as free-content. Other portfolios such as 8% Income CEF portfolio, 6% Income Risk-Adjusted portfolio, 401(k)-IRA-Conservative portfolio, Sector-Rotation ETF portfolio, and High-Growth BTF portfolio are part of our SA Marketplace service High Income DIY Portfolios. For more details or a two-week free trial, please see the top of the article just below our logo. Disclosure: I am/we are long ABT, ABBV, JNJ, PFE, NVS, NVO, CL, CLX, GIS, UL, NSRGY, PG, MON, ADM, MO, PM, KO, DEO, MCD, WMT, WBA, CVS, LOW, CSCO, MSFT, INTC, T, VZ, VTR, CVX, XOM, VLO, HCP, O, OHI, NNN, STAG, STOR, WPC, MAIN, NLY, PCI, PDI, PFF, RFI, RNP, UTF, EVT, FFC, KYN, NMZ, NBB, HQH, JPC, JRI, TLT. I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.
https://www.marketwatch.com/story/here-are-morgan-stanleys-top-10-stock-picks-2018-03-15
Here are Morgan Stanley’s top 10 stock picks - MarketWatch
Ryan Vlastelica
Mar 15, 2018 10:19 a.m. ET
03/15/2018
With major U.S. stock indexes within striking distance of record levels, are there any stocks that have further room to grow? There are still some values to be had, according to Morgan Stanley, which unveiled a new version of its “Fresh Money Buy List,” a collection of the firm’s ultimate picks for equities. The list, “10 of the firm’s best stock recommendations,” are all companies that are expected to outperform based on “specific catalysts such as a change in industry fundamentals, a positive [earnings] surprise, or new product introduction.” The picks aren’t designed to be long-term holdings, necessarily. Morgan Stanley sees them as good buys over the near term, which it defined as a three- to six-month period. Because of that, it expects its Buy List to exhibit heavy—if not total—turnover with each new iteration. In a report announcing the list, Michael Wilson, the investment bank’s chief U.S. equity strategist, said the team wouldn’t “force names onto the list to fit our sector views or other macro constraints,” and that it wouldn’t necessarily behave like a diversified portfolio. However, this version does include picks from across the economy; of the 11 primary S&P 500 sectors, nine are represented on the list, and only one sector—technology—has two components. One of those tech picks was Microsoft Corp. MSFT, +1.97% which Morgan Stanley sees as having upside potential beyond the six-month time frame indicated by the list. “Accelerating revenue growth, improving margins, and capital return drives a high-teens total return profile for Microsoft over the next three years,” the note read. The other technology component was another Dow component: Cisco Systems Inc. CSCO, +2.22% which Morgan Stanley wrote was the “best positioned” stock to lower costs associated with companies that suffer security breaches. A third Dow component also made the list, the consumer-discretionary giant Walt Disney Co. DIS, -0.11% Wilson’s team said the company, which owns Pixar and the highly successful Marvel and Star Wars franchises, stood to benefit from the trend to over-the-top video consumption, or a content creator directly distributing its titles to consumers by a streaming app, for example, as opposed to going through a network. It can also see “further growth from affiliate revenue, parks, and film,” Morgan Stanley wro
UCK