https://seekingalpha.com/article/4178954-faang-stocks-future-part-iv-todays-editors-picks
Are The FAANG Stocks For The Future? Part IV - Today's Editors' Picks | Seeking Alpha
SA Editors' Picks
2018-06-02 07:00:00 -0400
06/02/2018
If you had invested $100 in each of the five FAANG stocks (Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN), Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX), Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL)) on May 18, 2012, your portfolio would be worth over $5,000 today (over a 900% return). But past results don’t indicate much about the future and our contributors have expressed key caveats when considering an investment in FAANG, including overexposure (if invested in index funds), expensive valuation, and high volatility that doesn’t fit into one’s strategy. What are your thoughts on FAANG? Which FAANG stocks are likely to outperform others? Together, are they an attractive investment? If so, for what type of investor? Our contributors keep their ears to the ground and their eyes on the screen looking for profitable opportunities in the marketplace. Today, contributors Jennifer Warren, Gary Gordon, Avi Gilburt, and BDC Buzz bring us some of the best ideas. Let us know which is your favorite in the comment section below. Here are today’s Editors’ Picks: Mazal Tov on your gains (SA For FAs) Why you should question the unicorns (Gary Gordon) The United States Oil ETF (Jennifer Warren) Next week's news (Avi Gilburt) Investing stories to be told (Daniel Shvartsman) TCG BDC Inc (BDC Buzz) Chart of the day: Credit & The Market Comment of the day, by contributor Wall Street Wizard I agree 100%. AMZN, TSLA and a few others are wildly overvalued. But the majority of the market is actually fairly valued, if not slightly overvalued, according to inflation adjusted P/E ratios. Moreover, tech companies like AAPL, FB, & GOOGL in particular are valued well within their growth. There are plenty of anxious Chicken Littles out there, as well as sanguine Pollyanna's, but the reality is that this market can go much higher. Furthermore, investors will be kicking themselves in 20-30 years for not investing in AAPL & GOOGL today. Even though they have seen phenomenal growth thus far, their real story and the tech revolution is only beginning. Also you could actually make the case that these are the new consumer staple stocks. Even if I were to accept the chicken little bear is here view, you can't go wrong with AAPL & GOOGL. They are a great investment in any market. Image of the day: Tweet Fun Fact Of The Day: German chocolate cake is named after a guy named Sam German, not the country. Like the Editors' Picks daily? Check out SA's ‘Behind The Idea’ podcast. Every week, editors Mike Taylor and Daniel Shvartsman take a deep-dive into a single investment idea to find out how great analysis works. This week's topic: Delta Airlines (NYSE:DAL), with travel expert Paul Brady." Thanks for reading. Please share your ‘Editor’s Pick’ with fellow investors by posting it in the comments. Have a great day! Jason
https://seekingalpha.com/article/4178985-stocks-watch-eyes-apples-wwdc-scotus-d-c
Stocks To Watch: Eyes On Apple's WWDC, SCOTUS And D.C. - Agilent Technologies Inc. (NYSE:A) | Seeking Alpha
SA Stocks To Watch
2018-06-02 08:16:15 -0400
06/02/2018
Welcome to Seeking Alpha's Stocks to Watch - a preview of key events scheduled for the next week. Follow this account and turn the e-mail alert on to receive this article in your inbox every Saturday morning. The Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) Worldwide Developers Conference begins on June 4 with expectations running high the company will unveil some interesting treats for developers and consumers. At the very least, Apple is expected to preview new software features for the Mac, Apple Watch, Apple TV, iPhone and iPad - as well as display digital health and augmented reality initiatives. On the hardware side, a MacBook Pro refresh could be in the works, while software coders are likely to hear about Swift 5 and new APIs. Engadget speculates that an intriguing iOS-macOS platform unification could be revealed, while Reuters tips that Apple will unveil tools to let iPhones users share augmented reality data. The conference's keynote address is at 1:00 p.m. EDT (watch here) on June 4. Shares of Apple closed at $190.24 on Friday, just off their all-time high of $190.37. Will Apple have a market cap of over one trillion dollars the next time WWDC rolls around? Notable earnings reports: Palo Alto Networks (NYSE:PANW) and Casey's General Stores (NASDAQ:CASY) on June 4; Ambarella (NASDAQ:AMBA) and Guidewire Software (NYSE:GWRE) on June 5; Thor Industries (NYSE:THO) and Five Below (NASDAQ:FIVE) on June 6; Broadcom (NASDAQ:AVGO), VeriFone Systems (NYSE:PAY), Stitch Fix (NASDAQ:SFIX) and J.M. Smucker (NYSE:SJM) on June 7. See Seeking Alpha's Earnings Calendar for the complete list. IPOs expected to price: Meiragtx (MGTX) on June 7 (IPO preview). IPO lockup expirations: Curo (NYSE:CURO), Odonate Therapeutics (NASDAQ:ODT) and Quanterix (NASDAQ:QTRX) on June 5; Denali Therapeutics (NASDAQ:DNLI) and Luther Burbank (NASDAQ:LBC) on June 6. Analyst quiet period expirations: Axa Equitable (NYSE:EQH), Origin Bancorp (NASDAQ:OBNK) and Evelo Biosciences (NASDAQ:EVLO) on June 4; Huya (NYSE:HUYA) on June 5. D.C. watch: Congress returns to session next week to take up a number of issues, including the Water Resources and Development Act. Keep an eye on water infrastructure names such as Xylem (NYSE:XYL), Granite Construction (NYSE:GVA)-Layne Christensen (NASDAQ:LAYN) and Itron (NASDAQ:ITRI) to see how they shake out. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will meet with President Trump in the White House on June 7 in what's expected to be a friendly exchange. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross is scheduled to visit China at the end of the week for more trade wrangling. United Continental (NYSE:UAL) CEO Oscar Munoz plans to speak at the Economic Club of Washington on June 7. Projected dividend hike announcements: Alexandria Real Estate (NYSE:ARE) to $0.93 from $0.90, GE (NYSE:GE) to $0.06 from $0.12, H&R Block (NYSE:HRB) to $0.25 from $0.24, UnitedHealth (NYSE:UNH) to $0.90 from $0.75, Casey's (CASY) to $0.28 from $0.26, Tootsie Roll (NYSE:TR) to $0.10 from $0.874, Universal Health Realty (NYSE:UHT) to $0.67 from $0.665. Notable Analyst/investor meetings: Kilro Realty ((NYSE:KRC) and TherapeuticsMD (NYSEMKT:TXMD) on June 4; Wix.com (NASDAQ:WIX) and BlackRock (NYSE:BLK) on June 5; Skechers (NYSE:SKX), Molson Coors (NYSE:TAP), Booz Allen Hamilton (NYSE:BAH), Stock Yards Bancorp (NASDAQ:SYBT) and Agilent Technologies (NYSE:A) on June 6; Ralph Lauren (NYSE:RL), White Mountains Insurance (NYSE:WTM) and Reinsurance Group of America (NYSE:RGA) on June 7, Conduent (NYSE:CNDT) on June 8. Goldman Sachs Lodging, Gaming, Restaurant and Leisure Conference: Presenting companies include Booking Holdings (NASDAQ:BKNG), Host Hotels & Resorts (NYSE:HST), Expedia (NASDAQ:EXPE), Cedar Fair (NYSE:FUN), Six Flags Entertainment (NYSE:SIX), Sysco (NYSE:SYY), US Foods (NYSE:USFD), Hyatt Hotels (NYSE:H) and Marriott International (NYSE:MAR). Annual meetings: Two companies that generate their fair share of discussion hold their annual shareholders events this week, with Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA) holding a meeting on June 5 and Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) following up on June 6. Sports betting: Mark it down that Delaware will begin offering sports betting at all three of its licensed casinos on June 5 at 1:30 p.m. Single games bets will be taken at the Dover Downs Hotel & Casino, Delaware Park and Harrington Raceway & Casino on baseball, football, hockey, basketball, soccer, golf and auto racing. Shares of Dover Downs (NYSE:DDE) have soared ahead of the sports book opening. M&A watch: Watch International Paper (NYSE:IP) this week as the deadline for the Smurfit Kappa (OTCPK:SMFTF) deal arrives on June 6. Wells Fargo thinks IP shares could rise if deal efforts are scrapped. AmTrust Financial Services shareholders (NASDAQ:AFSI) vote on the company's go-private deal on June 4. The go-shop period on the acquisition of Mitel Networks (NASDAQ:MITL) by Searchlight Capital Partners expires on June 7. World Cup buildup: As the buzz over the World Cup accelerates next week, expect plenty of stock tips from analysts. Twitter (NYSE:TWTR), Adidas (OTCQX:ADDYY) and Anheuser-Busch InBev (NYSE:BUD) have already been tapped as companies that will see a benefit, while Macau casino gambling is forecast to fall off a bit during the month. Nike (NYSE:NKE) reported that it took in a startling 3M pre-orders for the Nigeria home jersey to be worn at the tournament and a store in London sold out of the African team's kit within minutes of opening. The first World Cup game is on June 14 in Moscow when Russia plays Saudi Arabia in a battle of oil majors. American Society of Clinical Oncology annual meeting: The annual meeting of oncology professionals runs this weekend through June 5 in Chicago. Companies on watch for developments with various Phase 1 and Phase 2 data updates include Celgene (NASDAQ:CELG), bluebird bio (NASDAQ:BLUE), Nektar Therpeutics (NASDAQ:NKTR), Bristol-Myers Squibb (NYSE:BMY), Merck (NYSE:MRK), Tesaro (NASDAQ:TSRO), AstraZeneca Group (NYSE:AZN), AbbVie (NYSE:ABBV) and Jounce Therapeutics (NASDAQ:JNCE). Supreme Court: Decisions could be handed down from the high court on June 4, including the key ruling on if states should be allowed to impose taxes on online retailers regardless of whether they have a physical presence within their borders. The SCOTUS decision could impact how non-tax paying online sellers such as Wayfair (NYSE:W), Overstock.com (NASDAQ:OSTK) and NewEgg stack up alongside Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) with the brick-and-mortar world. Evercore ISI Autonomous Driving, AI & Mobility Forum: Arriving on the heels of a massive investment by SoftBank (OTCPK:SFTBY) in GM's Cruise Automation, some major self-driving players such as Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA), Wave Computing, Aptiv (NYSE:APTV) and Ford (NYSE:F) compare notes in San Francisco. Monthly sales reports: Costco (NASDAQ:COST) on June 5; Buckle (NYSE:BKE), Cato (NYSE:CATO) and L Brands (NYSE:LB) on June 6. SpaceX: A SpaceX (SPACE) Falcon 9 rocket is due to launch a communications satellite for Luxembourg on June 4. Barron's mentions: Lincoln National (NYSE:LNC) is seen as a cheap stock with plenty of upside potential as annuity sales track higher. The volatile nature of crypto investment trusts is dissected by the publication as Bitcoin Investment Trust (OTCQX:GBTC), Ethereum Classic Investment Trust (OTCQX:ETCG), ARK Innovation ETF (NYSEARCA:ARKK) and the ARK Web x.0 ETF (NYSEARCA:ARKW) all fall under the microscope. Commodities traders are warned that an active hurricane season in the Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico this year could thrash prices around. Sources: EDGAR, Bloomberg, CNBC and Reuters. Editor's Note: This article discusses one or more securities that do not trade on a major U.S. exchange. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks.
https://seekingalpha.com/news/3361030-ubs-raises-aspirational-brand-apple-12-percent-upside
UBS raises "aspirational" brand Apple to 12% upside - Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) | Seeking Alpha
SA Editor Brandy Betz

06/01/2018
UBS maintains a Buy rating on Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and raises the price target from $190 to $210, a 12% upside to yesterday’s close. Analyst Steven Milunovich cites the firm’s consumer survey that indicated “weak iPhone buying intentions but a rising mix, so continued unit pressure but potential for flat-to-up ASP. “ In the survey, 44% of planned purchases were for the iPhone X, up for 30% from the October survey. The analyst notes that Apple remains an aspirational brand, saying, “We do think the P/E could rise over time as Apple is perceived more like Nike than like Nokia.” Apple shares are up 0.5% premarket to $187.87. Click to subscribe to real-time analytics on AAPL Now read: M17 Entertainment Readies U.S. IPO Plans »
https://www.marketwatch.com/story/apple-stock-rises-after-ubs-hikes-price-target-due-to-rising-mix-2018-06-01
Apple stock rises after UBS hikes price target due to 'rising mix' - MarketWatch
Emily Bary
June 1, 2018 10:29 a.m. ET
06/01/2018
Apple Inc. AAPL, +1.80% shares are up 0.8% in Friday trading after UBS analyst Steven Milunovich raised his price target on the stock to $210 from $190 based on the latest results of his firm's consumer survey. "The results indicate weak iPhone buying intentions but a rising mix, so continued unit pressure but potential for a flat-to-up ASP," he wrote, referring to average selling prices. Milunovich sees rising interest in the iPhone X as well as in Plus models. "Apple should benefit more than competitors from consumers that expect to pay more for their next phone," he wrote. Milunovich, who rates the stock a buy, also said that he's seen a pattern of "every-other-year" upgrade cycles in developed markets that could lead to upside potential for fiscal 2019. Shares are up 23% over the past 12 months, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.90% has gained 17%.
https://seekingalpha.com/article/4178471-apple-expectations-meet-reality
Apple: Expectations Meet Reality - Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) | Seeking Alpha
Rohit Chhatwal
2018-05-31 13:21:05 -0400
05/31/2018
Whenever a strong bearish thesis for Apple (AAPL) is published, there's a lot of unfavorable response from a large section of commenters and investors. In one of my recent articles, Apple products will be a lot cheaper, I received close to 400 comments and over 90% were highly critical of the bearish viewpoint. Similar negative sentiment is seen on almost all bearish articles about Apple. All my articles are based on strong quantitative metrics, however, few (if any) comments are backed by any kind of data. I think there's a misalignment of expectations about Apple’s future returns. We should look closely at what is the probable range of returns for long-term investors. Prudent expectations It is certainly fine to invest on the basis of conviction. This is one of the strongest factors which an investor can count on. However, it is also important to look at hard numbers. Investors also should consider the possible range of returns which a stock can deliver. This helps in having correct expectations from the investment and also prevents making decisions based on short-term results. Although I'm highly bearish about future returns potential of Apple, we should also look at the returns suggested by highly bullish analysts to get a good sense of future direction for the stock. All Apple investors should read the recent article published by Dividend Sensei (NYSE:DS), 6 reasons why Apple could keep crushing the market over the next decade. It's a strong buy thesis from one of the top contributors on Seeking Alpha. DS has covered almost all possible points about the current state of Apple and has used numerous quantitative points to justify his views. It's a very rigorous analysis and better than any other resource one can find on open platforms. I do not agree with the risk assessment and growth potential of Apple mentioned by DS, but there are still important points one must consider. The most significant point within the article is the return potential of Apple. DS has a strong buy rating for Apple which means the returns mentioned by him would be in the upper range of a probable scenario. Fig: Returns potential of Apple calculated by Dividend Sensei. Source: Dividend Sensei Detailed calculation of the potential returns can be seen in the article. The middle point of DS’s 10-year potential annual total returns for Apple comes at 13.1%, which would be 5 percentage points higher than the S&P 500. The major reasons for a strong bullish thesis from DS is based on: High FCF, capital returns, Services growth, dividend growth potential and flat unit sales in iPhone segment. On the other hand, I have a strong bearish viewpoint for Apple. This is based on: commoditization of iPhone segment, falling margin, tapering off in Services growth, difficulty in growing already large revenue base and many more. These points have been covered in my previous articles which can be found here and here. The above headwinds should limit the growth potential of Apple’s stock. My view is that it will deliver low single digit total returns over the next 10 years. This is probably in the lowest possible range for Apple’s stock. Nobody has a crystal ball to exactly predict future returns, however, we can look at the returns potential in a strong buy and strong sell case and see the possible range. This should help in forming more prudent expectations. We can look at the returns based on 3% (bearish case), 8.1% (S&P 500) and 13.1% (bullish case) returns scenario. Fig: $10,000 investment in Apple at different annualized return scenario. Hence, a $10,000 investment in Apple will convert to $13,439 in a strong bearish scenario or $34,247 in a strong bullish scenario in the next 10 years. A $10,000 S&P 500 index investment would be $20,157 in 10 years. I think there's 95% probability that the investment in Apple at the current price point will end up between the two extreme cases shown above in 10 years. Obviously, I have a strong tilt toward the lower end of this returns scenario. Apple showed massive gains in the middle of last decade. The stock price increased from $2.5 in 2004 to close to $100 by 2012. This 4000% jump was possible because of the success of iPhone and low revenue base in 2004. Apple is a completely different company now with a market cap which is close to 5% of U.S. GDP. Unless Apple comes up with a cure for cancer it is difficult to see how it can show higher returns than 13.1% CAGR. Price, Price, Price A major part of my bearish viewpoint is based on current pricing of Apple stock. Apple is trading at a PE ratio which is at the highest level in this decade. The future growth trend within iPhone segment is much more subdued than it was in the early part of this decade. Although Services growth is often cited as a future growth engine for Apple, it still made $30 billion in revenue compared to $141 billion of sales in the iPhone segment in 2017. This means Services revenue is only 22% of iPhone revenue. Apple has a number of tailwinds in 2017 and 2018 from outside factors. These include a weaker dollar, tax benefits and lower repatriation rate which have helped the company to increase its capital return program and boast better revenue growth in dollar terms. Over a longer period of 10 years or more, these short-term tailwinds will not matter as much as product innovation. Even though the iPhone X came very short of earlier expectations, there has not been a correction in the earlier bull run in Apple’s stock. This reduces the upside potential at the current price and lowers the returns for longer-term investors. Investor Takeaway It is very important to have reasonable expectations from Apple’s stock at this stage of the company. In a strong bearish scenario the long-term returns will be closer to 3% annualized and in a strong bullish scenario the long-term returns will be at most 13.1% annualized. It is statistically impossible for the stock to show returns anywhere close to what it delivered in second half of last decade. The headwinds for the company are very strong. A higher current valuation further reduces the returns potential of the stock. Investors should either wait for some strong correction in the stock or look for other options to gain better returns than the S&P 500 index. Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours. I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.
https://seekingalpha.com/news/3360534-pandora-matches-rivals-family-subscription
Pandora matches rivals with family subscription - Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) | Seeking Alpha
Jason Aycock

05/30/2018
Pandora's (NYSE:P) latest subscription service is set to help it compete against tough rivals in Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Spotify (NYSE:SPOT), its CEO says. Subscriptions are "the fastest growing part of our business," Roger Lynch tells CNBC in discussing the rollout of the Pandora Premium Family plan. That move catches the company up somewhat to existing family sub offerings from competitors, after losing a number of users to Apple and Spotify. The new plan lets up to six family members share music for $14.99/month, and Lynch says it has a "twist" in a feature called "Our Soundtrack." Pandora shares gained 3% during the market session; they're down 2.8% after hours. See all stocks on the move » Now read: How Much Should Investors Pay For Spotify? »
https://www.marketwatch.com/story/apple-stock-downgraded-at-maxim-due-to-concern-about-services-segment-opportunities-2018-05-30
Apple stock downgraded at Maxim due to concern about services-segment opportunities - MarketWatch
Emily Bary
May 30, 2018 8:50 a.m. ET
05/30/2018
Maxim Group analyst Nehal Chokshi downgraded Apple Inc. AAPL, +1.80% shares to hold from buy on Wednesday based on some skepticism about the company's services strategy. He wrote that Apple might have trouble achieving high attach rates for some of its services offerings due to the company's "ecosystem-centric approach," given that his survey work indicates that only about a third of iPhone users also use Macs. He wrote that some Windows users might "shun the Apple subscription services" because the services wouldn't be easily compatible with all their devices. Chokshi also said that the company will face a lot of "entrenched competition" from Netflix Inc. NFLX, +2.37% as it deepens its interest in video and may not be very successful with the expected launch of a news-subscription product, since his survey work found that many consumers don't pay for news. Chokshi wrote that fiscal 2019 could be a "down year" for Apple given trends in the broader smartphone market. Shares are down 0.1% in premarket trading but up 22% over the past 12 months, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.90% has gained 11%.
https://seekingalpha.com/article/4177819-apple-easy-shareholders
Apple Is Easy For Shareholders - Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) | Seeking Alpha
Michael Wiggins De Oliveira
2018-05-29 13:09:08 -0400
05/29/2018
Investment Thesis The best investments are those where, opposite to popular opinion, one does not have to be the smartest person in the room. The best investments are ones where the odds of success are so far tilted to one’s favor that even if so much can be wrong in one thesis, you still end up doing quite well. Apple (AAPL) is the elephant in the room, which offers investors a great investment opportunity, without having to be too smart. Built-In Discount From Value Apple's shares have picked up some steam of late. Given that Berkshire Hathaway (BRK.A) (BRK.B) has also noticed the bargain opportunity, and has been very vocal about it, this will have motivated many investors to join the party. However, if we start from afar, we can see why Apple makes fantastic sense. Not only to the flagship of experienced value investors, as in Berkshire, but to retail investors too. As of Q2 2018, Apple has a net cash position of just over $150 billion, implying that around 15% of Apple's market cap is made up of cash. Said another way, investors are getting a discount from its market cap just because of the strength of its balance sheet. Maestri Is Confident Next, on to share repurchases. CFO Maestri had been firm all the way up to Q1 2018, stating that Apple was going to deploy its war chest 'slowly over time', favoring what he described as, 'patient and long-term investors', rather than Apple deploying its large amounts of cash quickly. Then, just 90 days later, Apple announced a new $100 billion share repurchase plan. After near enough completing on its previous $200 billion of repurchases, this new announcement came out. Given that Apple's previous repurchase plan, which started from August 2012, is expected to complete at some point during the Q3 2018, and that Apple is forging on ahead with a new repurchase plan, it certainly speaks of the confidence of one of the most prudent companies on Wall Street. New Era Business Model Apple has a history of reinventing itself. It seems very difficult to believe that just 11 years ago, the iPhone was hardly well known outside a group of investors and geeks. Now Apple's active installed base exceeds 1.3 billion. On the other hand, the market for iPhone devices has obviously started to saturate, causing many investors to think that Apple is no longer a growth company. However, Apple's phenomenal team has not rested on its laurels; Apple has come up with a new business model away from the capital-intensive hardware business model it previously had - its Services. At the end of Q2 2018, Apple's Services accounted for roughly 15% of its total revenue. However, what makes this revenue stream so valuable is that it not only leads to better profit margins, which will drive shareholders returns, but also that this revenue stream is more predictable and recurring - which together will cause investors to reappraise Apple’s valuation with a higher multiple to earnings. Incidentally, Apple’s Services continued to advance at a strong clip and was up 31% YoY. Apple's Services is made up of sales of Apple's digital content, such as iTunes Store, App Store, and Apple Music, with smaller contributions from other sources. Moreover, what makes this business line truly remarkable is the ability of Apple to continue to ramp up the number of subscribers to its platform – given that subscribers are the holy grail of any business. Valuation Source: author's calculations, morningstar.com On the face of it, the above table does not depict Apple as a phenomenal investment opportunity. However, as discussed above, Apple's stock should reappraise significantly higher over time, driven in part by its Services segment, which delivers better margins and will drive Apple's consolidated profit margins higher, as Services continues to grow, become better known in the investment community and gradually become a larger part of Apple. For instance, many investors value Amazon (AMZN) extremely highly for the fact that they know it well and regularly use its products. They argue that 'Amazon is everywhere' and that this reason alone makes Amazon a great investment. And if that thesis fails, then pointing out its rapidly rising share price becomes vindication that their argument is right, that Amazon is indeed a great investment. However, I argue that in a bull market many investments tend to get slightly irrationally priced. However, Apple continues to show that it is not only able to grow and monetize its core product very successfully, but that it is still able to reinvent and pivot its business to new growth areas. Takeaway We don’t have an analytical advantage, we just look in the right place. – Seth Klarman The best investors don’t try to overcomplicate the simple. Investing in this mega-cap, with its rock-solid balance sheet, led by a great management team and not having to overpay for its stock, makes a lot of sense. Disclaimer: Please do your own due diligence to reach your own conclusions. Note: The only favor I ask is that you click the "Follow" button, so I can grow my Seeking Alpha friendships and our Deep Value network. Please excuse any grammatical errors. Find alpha in unloved names with enormous upside potential... At Deep Value Returns, I'm laser-focused on two things: free cash flow and unloved businesses. Companies that are going through troubled times, but that are otherwise stable and cash flow generative can be bought on the cheap, providing investors with an opportunity for exceptional returns once those names come back in favor - as they often do. If you're looking for a deep value investing approach inspired by Buffett, Icahn, and Greenblatt that can help you generate between 50% and 200% potential upside in just a few years, then sign up for your two-week free trial with Deep Value Returns today! Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours. I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.
https://seekingalpha.com/news/3359817-iphone-display-makers-sink-oled-report
iPhone display makers sink on OLED report - Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) | Seeking Alpha
SA Editor Yoel Minkoff

05/29/2018
Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) may be planning to use OLED screens for all its upcoming iPhone models, according to South Korea's Electronic Times. At the moment, only the iPhone X uses OLED, while the iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus both have LCD screens. iPhone display makers tumbled on the report, with Japan Display (OTCPK:JPDYY) tumbling as much as 21% and Sharp (OTCPK:SHCAY) declining as much as 4.3%. Click to subscribe to real-time analytics on AAPL Now read: Apple: All Margins Aren't Equal »
https://seekingalpha.com/article/4177537-apple-margins-equal
Apple: All Margins Aren't Equal - Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) | Seeking Alpha
Stone Fox Capital
2018-05-27 14:07:21 -0400
05/27/2018
My previous research placed the services business as a prime catalyst and reason for supporting the $100 billion share buyback plan of Apple (AAPL). Morgan Stanley upped their price target to $214 on optimism for this division's growth as the margins on the business could provide a boost to profits that go far beyond the revenue contribution. Source: Apple website Services Growth As Apple reaches for a market valuation of $1 trillion, a lot of fears exist that iPhone sales have peaked. The tech giant is getting more per phone via a higher average selling price or ASP, but Apple saw units sold peak back in 2015. The quarterly peak was 78 million units sold back in FQ1'17, but the company has seen limited growth since FQ1'15 when 74 million units were sold. The annual units sold did peak in 2015 at 231 million units and dipped to 217 million units last year. Source: Statista While worldwide smartphone sales are forecast to continue growing with the spread of high-speed internet access around the world, the amount of consumers able to afford a $700+ iPhone isn't expected to expand materially. For this reason, Apple has spent the last couple of years trying to increase the ASP with phones like the iPhone X with a listed price above $1,000. In the quarter ended March with a full quarter of iPhone X sales, iPhone revenues grew far in excess of units sold. The ASP grew to $734, up from $655. For this reason, iPhone revenues surged 14% on a meager 3% growth in units. Source: Apple FQ1'18 data summary The fears exist that Apple won't be able to continue expanding ASPs requiring a future catalyst beyond hardware. While possibly not even true, the key for investors is that the tech giant already has a business unit that has evolved into a massive division. Since the start of 2014, Services have grown revenues from under $5 billion per quarter to over $9 billion in the most recent quarter. Even better, the growth is steady unlike hardware sales that require new products every year. Source: appleinsider Even better, the growth is steady unlike hardware sales that require new products every year. Accretive Margins The thesis for Morgan Stanley analyst Katy Huberty hiking the Apple price target to $214 from $200 is the strong margins from Services. The company doesn't provide a lot of details other than the knowledge that gross margins have averaged around 39% over the last 5 years. AAPL Gross Profit Margin (Quarterly) data by YCharts Historically, services generate higher margins from the recurring revenues versus selling one unit every few years. The company though has several service businesses from the App store to Apple Music. The recent IPO of streaming music service Spotify (SPOT) brought some attention to the low margins in that unit that were probably extrapolated far too much in the case of Apple. Spotify only forecasts generating margins in the 25% range this quarter so obviously this figure is far below the corporate level of Apple and the tech giant has fewer subscribers than Spotify. Investors looking at the historical margins of Spotify might extrapolate those to the rest of the services business. Source: Spotify Investor Day 2018 Katy Huberty projects that the Services division actually generates a 50% gross margin with operating margins above 40%. Growth in Services will help drive higher margins in the overall business. Apple CFO Luca Maestri made claims on the recent FQ2 earnings call that the division does generate higher margins than the corporate average currently in the 38.5% range: Gross margin was 38.3%, essentially flat sequentially, as we offset the seasonal loss of leverage with cost improvements and a shift in mix toward services...Our services business, and I've said it in the past, is accretive to company margins. And so as we are able to grow the services business, that should provide a positive, a tailwind. Hubert believes Services will grow from 22% of gross profit dollars in FY18 to 40% of gross profit dollars by FY22. Just keeping the remaining business flat, Apple would see a $20 billion boost to gross profits. Combined with a $100 billion share buyback that reduces share counts by over 10%, Apple will still see a big EPS boost even if the hardware business flat lines. Based on operating margins that reach 45% and the 15% tax rate, the EPS would see about a $1 per share jump each year from Services' gross profit growth of about $5 billion annually. By FY22, EPS could expand $4 from growth in Services alone. The impact might turn larger if Apple reduces the share count beyond 10%. The current buyback would cut shares outstanding from 5.07 billion to closer to 4.50 billion shares, but the tech giant will generate close to $60 billion in free cash flow annually that can keep the buyback going each year. Takeaway The key investor takeaway is that Apple is shifting away from a reliance on the iPhone business. The highly profitable Services business could easily approach 50% of profits in the next five years far before reaching the scale of the iPhone. All margins aren't equal and this fact will benefit Apple shareholders over the next few years while the market wrongly focus on peak iPhone sales. The stock trades far too cheap at 14x FY19 EPS estimates for a business that could approach 50% of profits from Services by FY22. Disclosure: I am/we are long AAPL. I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Additional disclosure: The information contained herein is for informational purposes only. Nothing in this article should be taken as a solicitation to purchase or sell securities. Before buying or selling any stock you should do your own research and reach your own conclusion or consult a financial advisor. Investing includes risks, including loss of principal.
https://seekingalpha.com/article/4177104-corporate-buybacks-dividend-growth-investors-best-friend
Corporate Buybacks: The Dividend Growth Investor's Best Friend - Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) | Seeking Alpha
Nicholas Ward
2018-05-25 09:53:46 -0400
05/25/2018
Buybacks have been all the rage as of late. This is especially the case amongst cash-cow-type companies that also tend to reward shareholders with dividends. I know that many income-oriented/dividend growth investors are against buybacks. It seems like every time a big corporation announces a significant buyback, I read forum posts from unhappy investors wishing that the management/boards were using that cash to line shareholder pockets rather than retire shares. I’m all about increased dividends and ever-increasing passive cash flows coming from my investments, but in this piece, I’m going to discuss why I’m typically excited when I see large buyback authorizations approved and why I think dividend growth investors should be as well. This article was published a few days ago on Market Watch, offering some interesting statistics on the recent buyback craze. According to Market Watch’s research, corporations announced $183.4b worth of buybacks during the recent April-May earnings season. This is second all-time, behind only the preceding January-February earnings period, in which $191.4b worth of buybacks were announced. All of this corporate buying is certainly putting a bid under the market. I’m not surprised to see the volatility that we saw earlier in the year smoothed out a bit with corporations providing excess volume. Some say that excess buybacks are a signal of the later innings of a broader market cycle. I don’t know if I buy into that thesis or not, but either way, I’m always happy to see high-quality names retiring their shares. I know that a general complaint against buybacks involves artificially increased EPS figures to either bolster a stock’s appearance amongst slowing growth trends or to simply line the pockets of management who’re paid based upon fundamental performance. I acknowledge these issues and agree that certain companies (IBM (IBM) and Gilead (GILD) come to mind as popular companies that have misused/over-allocated cash towards buybacks in recent years); however, for every company in secular decline that is using a buyback program to artificially bolster its outlook, I think there are a handful of high quality names with growth tailwinds and reliable cash flows that are genuinely doing shareholders a favor by reducing the outstanding share count over time. As with any investment decision, a portfolio manager is going to have to discern between the high-quality companies buying back shares and the low-quality ones. Regular, reliable, predictable growth, on both the top and bottom lines is a nice place to start. If a company checks all of the prerequisite boxes required to be a high-quality dividend growth name (growing top and bottom lines, responsible debt loads, conservative payout ratios, substantial R&D budgets, etc.), then allocating remaining funds towards the retirement of shares is a wonderful use of cash. To prove this point, I’m going to focus on my largest individual holding, Apple (AAPL), and how that company has used its massive cash flows to effectively generate shareholder wealth, as well as to increase its dividend sustainability and growth prospects moving forward. People seem to love to hate Apple CEO, Tim Cook. I think there’s a connection between Cook, Apple’s massive buybacks, and this disdain. People talk about Cook’s lacking vision and inability to innovate and assume that all of the case that Apple has dedicated towards buying back shares could have been spent to develop the next iPhone. Well, looking at Apple’s fundamental growth, it seems to me that Cook and Co. are doing just fine. In AAPL’s 2017 annual report, the company included this graphic, showing the enormous shareholder returns that it has provided since 2012. This image is exactly why AAPL is my largest position. Source: AAPL 2017 Annual Report Apple is so easy for me to own because of the conviction that I have surrounding the company’s long-term dividend growth prospects. I think that there is a fairly high chance that Apple provides investors with double-digit annual dividend growth for quite some time looking ahead. It’s rare to find names that have the cash flows and balance sheet to provide such strong and reliable dividend growth. A lot of my conviction here comes from the company’s proven ability to grow its top and bottom lines. I think the company has done an amazing job leveraging its global device base into the high-margin services segment that is becoming a larger and larger piece of the revenue pie every quarter these days. But, AAPL management’s shrewd capital allocation strategy plays a large role as well. The way I see it, there are very few things that a dividend growth company can do with its excess cash flows to increase dividend safety over the long term than reduce its outstanding share count. In short, every share retired removes a quarterly dividend payment obligation. As yields rise, this proposition becomes worse relative to using the same funds to buy fixed income; however, I think we’re a long way off from short-dated securities being able to compete with the free cash flow yields on high-quality equities. Apple, for instance, sports a 5.35% free cash flow yield, which is much higher than the U.S. 2-year’s yield at 2.57%. I know that I’m over-simplifying the thought process of a corporate management team when it comes to capital allocation, but without access to board room dialog, using simple fundamental multiples like free cash flow yield as a metric to track relative return on invested capital makes sense to me. What I do know is that using hindsight, Apple’s buybacks have turned out to be great investments. Looking back through Apple’s annual reports, I found that AAPL has spent nearly $166b to buy back 1,577,397,000 shares (this figure includes accelerated share repurchases). Here’s how many shares APPL has repurchased during each of the last 5 years: 2013: 245,614,000 2014: 502,247,000 2015: 332,552,000 2016: 306,026,000 2017: 190,958,000 For those of you who want to see the more detailed, first-hand resource, here are the buyback-related images that AAPL has provided as a part of its annual reports since it began its massive buyback in late 2012. (2016-2017) Source: 2017 AAPL annual report (2014-2015) Source: 2015 AAPL annual report (2013) Source: 2013 AAPL annual report Over this period of time, we see that AAPL’s cost basis on these shares is ~$105/share. Considering that AAPL’s share price today is ~$185, it’s hard to argue with the company’s buyback-centric capital allocation strategy. Something else that I found interesting when looking at the company’s shareholder return history was the divergence between the annual dividend increases and the actual dollars dedicated towards the dividend. From 2013 to 2014, AAPL increased its annual dividend by 7.8% (from $3.05 to $3.29). However, because of the shares retired, AAPL’s annual dividend spend only increased 4.71%, from $10.6b in 2013 to $11.1b in 2014. From 2014 to 2015, AAPL increased its annual dividend by 10.64% (from $0.47 to $0.52; be aware that these figures are lower because of a 7 for 1 stock split, not a dividend cut). However, because of the shares retired, AAPL’s annual dividend spend only increased 4.50%, from $11.1b in 2014 to $11.6b in 2015. From 2015 to 2016, AAPL increased its annual dividend by 9.6% (from $0.52 to $0.57). However, because of the shares retired, AAPL’s annual dividend spend only increased 5.17%, from $11.6b in 2015 to $12.2b in 2016. And finally, from 2016 to 2017, AAPL increased its annual dividend by 10.52% (from $0.57 to $0.63). However, because of the shares retired, AAPL’s annual dividend spend only increased 4.91%, from $12.2b in 2016 to $12.8b in 2017. As you can see, the buybacks are saving this company real money on an annual basis. So, say what you will about the un-innovative nature of AAPL’s buybacks, but as a dividend growth investor, I love them. They make it easier for management to give me increased annual raises as a shareholder by lowering management's dividend burden. I couldn’t be happier about this reality and I suspect it will continue to play out this way for years (if not decades) to come. Disclosure: I am/we are long AAPL, IBM. I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.
https://www.marketwatch.com/story/samsung-must-pay-apple-539-million-in-iphone-patent-case-2018-05-24
Samsung must pay Apple $539 million in iPhone patent case - MarketWatch
Tripp Mickle
May 24, 2018 8:31 p.m. ET
05/24/2018
Samsung Electronics Co. must pay Apple Inc. $539 million for infringing patents related to the iPhone’s design, a federal jury found Thursday, a new victory for Apple in a seven-year-old legal battle over the spoils of the smartphone market’s boom. The jury’s decision in the U.S. District Court in San Jose, Calif., increases the amount that Samsung 005930, +1.18% previously was ordered to pay Apple AAPL, +1.80% for the patents under dispute from $399 million to $539 million. The bulk of the new damages award, $533.3 million, was for infringing three Apple design patents on the iPhone. An additional $5.3 million was for infringing two utility patents. The legal fight has progressed through multiple rounds since Apple sued Samsung in 2011, claiming it stole key elements of the iPhone’s design — and it likely isn’t over. Meanwhile, the explosion in smartphone use has benefited both companies enormously, with Apple’s huge iPhone profits helping make it the world’s most valuable company. The jury’s new award is equivalent to only about 3.5 days of Apple’s net profit in the first three months of this year. The jury’s new award was in the middle of the possible range. Samsung, which was found six years ago to have infringed Apple’s patents, had argued in the current case that it should have to pay a penalty of only $28 million. Apple sought $1.05 billion. An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com. Also popular on WSJ.com: How a weakened ESPN became consumed by politics. Colleges bend the rules for more students, give them extra help. Join the conversation
https://seekingalpha.com/article/4176850-apples-self-driving-tech-project-may-closer-appears
Apple's Self-Driving Tech Project May Be Closer Than It Appears - Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) | Seeking Alpha
Roman Luzgin
2018-05-24 10:29:35 -0400
05/24/2018
Apple as an automotive company Although Apple (AAPL) is still considered to be an "iPhone company" by many investors, it is not a secret the corporation is actively pursuing projects in other important areas. Many of those projects, like Apple Music and other services, are already paying off, evident by $9.2 billion in revenue generated by the services segment in the latest quarter. Recently, the company has entered the field of healthcare, which can potentially become one of the biggest addressable markets for the company. However, one of the most mysterious yet promising projects remains to be an anticipated "Apple Car." The car itself is not likely to appear as a product in Apple's portfolio, but it is becoming more evident that the automotive technology is something the company will reveal at some point in the future. To remind, a year ago Apple CEO Tim Cook admitted working on autonomous systems for cars, which include such technology as self driving. Recent developments in this area show that this future may be closer than it can seem. Cook did not explicitly lay out Apple’s plans, but he spoke of “three vectors of change” that are set to disrupt the auto industry - self-driving cars, electric cars, and ride-sharing companies - and he did say that his company is focusing on “autonomous systems.” Why is this important for investors? The main reason is the significant potential of the market, which means Apple will have a big room to grow in case it enters the automotive space. Hence, several studies estimate that technology will enable "new global Passenger Economy worth $7 trillion annually in 2050," which means that a corporation able to capture at least 0.1% of the market will enjoy $7,000,000,000 in additional revenue. Notably, digital demand is listed as one of the main challenges for the players in the auto market, which, again, means there's an opportunity for Apple to meet this demand. Apple and self-driving technology While Tim Cook has not spoken publicly about Apple's automotive efforts since the aforementioned interview that he gave in June last year, there has been some news that can shed light on the current status of the project and its possible future. First of all, it seems that Apple takes self-driving tech seriously, as the company continues to increase its fleet of test vehicles. Hence, it was reported earlier in May that the tech giant now has state permission to test 55 cars on public roads of California, compared to just three cars last year. The number looks impressive in light of the fact that such pioneers of autonomous driving tech such as Waymo (GOOG)(GOOGL), Nvidia (NVDA) and Tesla (TSLA) have fewer vehicles in the Golden State, and the only player with more autonomous driving permissions is General Motors (GM). It is stated by TechCrunch: In order to conduct driverless testing, companies must have previously tested the vehicles in controlled conditions. The vehicles must also, among many other things, meet the definition of an SAE Level 4 or 5 vehicle. Therefore, Apple having permission to test 55 cars means at least two critical things: The corporation has already tested self-driving vehicles. This implies Apple has all the necessary equipment (radars, lidars, cameras), vehicles, software, and facilities for in-house tests. Apple achieved at least level 4 automation according to the Society of Automotive Engineers (SAE) definition. In turn, level 4 states "no human interaction required," which is another clue that shows the level of progress of Apple's self-driving tech. Level 4 vehicles are able to intervene themselves if things go wrong or there is a system failure. In this sense, these cars are left completely to their own devices without any human intervention in the vast majority of situations. Patents are another source of information when it comes to Apple's self-driving tech. One of the latest filings demonstrated how Apple is going to merge automotive technology with its other area of expertise - augmented reality. AR became one of the crucial improvements in the latest iOS, as Apple paid a lot of attention to this technology during last year's WWDC conference, introducing ARKit for developers. The description of the patent shows that the main idea of this technology is to use AR for 3-D visualization of things that are out of driver's view, like roads, trees, or hills that are in the distance from a vehicle. One of the images provides an example of what the final solution can look like in real life. As another example, augmented reality systems may utilize remote sensing devices to provide depth information about objects in an environment. In some scenarios, laser-based sensing technologies, such as light ranging and detection (LiDAR), can provide high resolution environmental data, such as depth maps, which may indicate the proximity of different objects to the LiDAR. (Source: US Patent & Trademark Office) The main takeaway from all the points above is the fact that Apple already has a technology which enables car autonomy. Moreover, the company seems to have a strategy of how to combine different technologies in a final solution, which can help Apple monetize its products. Apple stock remains a buy It is evident that Apple's self-driving auto program may be much more real than it can seem. The high number of test cars on the roads, patents, and partnerships with the biggest automakers like Volkswagen (OTCPK:VLKAY) (OTCPK:VLKAF) (the news on that came in on May 23) mean the solution can become ready for the mass market in the coming years. However, this is only one of the reasons to stay long AAPL. The corporation has successfully established several other very promising lines of business which generate a significant amount of revenue and help Apple reduce its reliance on the smartphone market. For instance, services generate more than $9 billion in quarterly revenue, and the segment grew a hefty 31% year-on-year in the latest quarter. Wearables, which include Apple Watch, Beats and EarPods, increased even more - almost 50%, according to the company's management. It can be expected the trend will continue in the near future, as Apple invests a lot of resources not only in new technologies but also in such topics as original content, which will attract even more users to the ecosystem. Financially, the state of things also is very favorable for investors. Hence, healthy double-digit revenue growth, stable margins, high level of cash, and low debt are the points that make Apple attractive for investment. Moreover, the latest $100 billion buyback program and growing dividends will likely support the stock even if the market conditions change negatively. Therefore, my price target of $197, calculated using a DCF model in the previous article on Apple, remains in place. My detailed analyses of Apple and other tech companies can be found on my profile page. If you like my article and would like to stay up to date on the next one, you can click the "Follow" button next to my profile. Disclosure: I am/we are long AAPL. I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.
https://www.marketwatch.com/story/apple-wins-539-million-in-damages-from-samsung-2018-05-24
Apple wins $539 million in damages from Samsung - MarketWatch
Max A. Cherney
May 24, 2018 6:50 p.m. ET
05/24/2018
A jury awarded Apple Inc. AAPL, +1.80% $539 million in damages from Samsung Electronics Co. 005930, +1.18% Thursday in a lawsuit over smartphone tech. Apple stock was up a fraction in the extended session and closed up 0.1% to $188.15 during regular trading. Apple had sought $1 billion in the retrial of the 2012 case, and Samsung argued it should pay only $28 million. The bulk of the damages revolved around design patents, which the jury said Samsung must pay $533.3 million for. The remaining $5.3 million the jury awarded for utility patents. Apple stock has gained 11% this year. The S&P 500 index SPX, +1.08% gained 2% this year and the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.90% of which Apple is a component, rose 0.7%.
https://seekingalpha.com/article/4176478-trading-mistake-8-apple-poor-profit-taking
Trading Mistake 8 (Apple): Poor Profit-Taking - Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) | Seeking Alpha
Individual Trader
2018-05-23 10:14:28 -0400
05/23/2018
Fear and greed are what run the stock market. Trader A buys a stock, makes a decent paper profit over a short time frame and becomes fearful of losing those gains. He ponders to himself - " How can I let these profits go especially considering the time-frame I made them in". He continues - " If I was able to make these gains so fast - I could lose them as a fast also". What eventually happens to the trader with this mindset ? Well you can bet that he will be out on the first down-tick. The "fear of loss" mindset was what drove him to it. However let's take this one step further. Who bought the stock off him ? What does the latter trader see that the former didn't when he sold. In fact, I bet the initial trader spent so much time researching that long play, perfected a great entry only to literally puke up his shares once the shares came into a tiny bit of profit. Trader or Investor B didn't care about an exact entry and may have a totally different outlook with respect how long he is going to hold the shares. When swing trading, our time-frame goal is usually 1 to 3 months depending on volatility. But how do we ensure that we don't let a good trade get out of our hands for a minuscule profit? From a personal point of view, knowing when to take profits is definitely one of the most difficult skills to master. I wrote in an previous article that one's mindset should be to never let a winning trade turn around into a losing one. I acknowledge this is difficult when one doesn't get a strong trending move in the trade initially. In this article, I will use Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) as the test case. As the chart illustrates below, Apple has been an excellent trading vehicle over the past year or so. Every time sentiment got ultra pessimistic which many times corresponded with oversold momentum indicators, the stock formed a bottom and quickly rallied to the upside. Furthermore from a fundamental standpoint, there was nothing in the company's recent second quarter earnings to suggest that growth could be finished here. In fact, shares have been on a tear since the earnings release as the second quarter saw a cool 14% spike in iPhone revenue despite the fact that only 3% growth was registered in the actual phones. This demonstrates the strength of the iPhone brand & the pricing power the company is still able to garner from its customers. The other product segments grew by almost 40% on a rolling year basis and service revenue grew by just over 30%. Currently though with Apple trading at just over $187 a share, we are looking at cash flow multiple of 14.4 and a sales multiple of 3.9. Both of these valuation metrics are meaningfully higher than Apple's 5 year averages. Therefore, for anyone buying on dips or simply swing trading Apple to the upside, the below profit taking strategy may help in some way. Source: Sentimentrader.com At the way sentiment is dropping, I don't know if shares are going to make it all the way back to the 200 day moving average ($167) before the next buy signal materializes. Therefore let's say the next prime buying opportunity occurs at the present 50 day average at around $175 a share. This may never happen due to the stock taking out its all time highs. However for the purpose of this article, we would obviously wait for a swing low before entering the trade. Lets say 200 shares are bought at the $175 price which would mean an investment of $35,000. One obviously could also buy call options as AAPL is a highly liquid stock meaning the bid/ask spreads are very tight. This enables one to get in and out at favorable prices not like other underylings whose options have very poor liquidity. For the purpose of this article though, we will stick to our $35,000 investment. From the obvious benefit of hindsight, here is how I would trade AAPL from the long side at present. The major swings this year have resulted in at least a 20%+ move from lows to highs in this stock. These meaningful moves took place in February & May. If we were lucky enough to enter at $175, our strategy would be to take 50% of our profits once AAPL moves 10% off these lows or to the $192.50 level. Our profit would be $3500 (10% of $35,000) so 50% or $1750 would be the amount we would take off the table at this juncture. This $1750 is money banked, which means it cannot be lost which we will explain. This is step 1. This means we still have $36,750 still in play. So how do we make sure that our $1750 is the minimum we will make on this trade? What we do is place a stop loss at precisely the same time we booked the initial 50% profit of $1750. Something like 4 to 5% to enable the position maybe work off some short term overbought conditions. So since we have $36,750 at play, we could put a wide stop loss to stop out of our AAPL shares once their value hits $35,000 or above ( your initial investment). Here we are at least making what we banked originally - the initial $1750 if the worst case scenario transpired and our stop got hit. However let's say our wide stop loss didn't get hit and Apple rallies another 10%. Now our investment has increased to $40,425. We notice that sentiment is getting lofty and the RSI momentum indicators are becoming severely overbought. Most traders would take full profits here but we don't want to do that. Tech is still in a roaring bull market and is one of the leading sectors of this equity bull run. We would probably take $1425 profit out of the trade and push up the stop loss to the $37,000 mark. So now we have banked $1750 + $1425 ($3175) and have moved our stop loss up to $37,000 which if gets hit would be another $2000 profit on the trade. So let's tie this all together. Just say our $37,000 stop loss finally gets hit. This means we made $1750+$1425+$2000 on the trade. This gives us a grand total of $5175 profit. Our original investment was $35,000 which means we recorded a 14.8% gain. Now the max gain we could have made on this hypothetical example was 20% if we got out at the very top so yes because of our trade management, we lost just over 5%. This figure assumes we would have been able to get out at the very top which is a really difficult skill. However, here is the skinny which is vital for swing traders. When one consistently takes profits off the table on the way up, you are doing two things. You are banking profits and also putting yourself in a position where you can place a lower stop loss ( that you would have had if you still had all of your initial shares) which keeps you in the game for longer. This really is the skinny of this article. I've made so many mistakes either taking full profits too early or letting all my profits slide. This strategy does away with all that. Furthermore, it is an excellent strategy for stocks in bull mode but with pricey valuations like we have at the moment in tech. Have the courage to hold a swing trade for the time you think it needs. Chip away at the profit (especially on the initial move) on the upside and bank those profits. Don't be afraid of profits disappearing. Patience is not simply the ability to wait - it's how we behave while we're waiting. Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours. I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.
https://seekingalpha.com/article/4176516-apple-still-bargain
Apple: Still A Bargain - Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) | Seeking Alpha
Mark Hibben
2018-05-23 13:01:24 -0400
05/23/2018
Rethink Technology business briefs for May 23, 2018. Earnings assuage fears, encourage upgrades Expected iPhone X and X Plus. Source: Mac Rumors I wrote Apple: No Need To Panic on April 27, a few days before Apple's (AAPL) fiscal 2018 Q2 earnings release. At the time, fears of a meltdown in iPhone X sales were at a fever pitch. I could not say absolutely that the fears were unjustified, but I did critique a couple of the more negative articles that also bore on two other members of the Rethink Technology Portfolio, ASML Holding (ASML), and Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSM). In retrospect, it was one of the most prescient articles I've ever written. The fears of tanking iPhone X sales proved groundless, as Apple's CEO Tim Cook emphasized that iPhone X has outsold every other iPhone model since its introduction, something that had never happened before. My earnings estimates, published for subscribers, came about as close as I've ever done: Since the earnings call on May 1, Apple is up over 12% and is very close to its all-time high. Analyst coverage has turned a little more bullish, with an average price target of $195. Despite the price target, it's only natural to wonder how much upside is left. I came away from the earnings report convinced that the answer is "a lot," but I needed to revise my investment case for Apple. For each member of the RT Portfolio, I create an Investment Case Report, setting forth my analysis and expectations for a given company. The RT Portfolio reflects my personal portfolio, so I always have skin in the game. I feel this forces me to pay careful attention to the Portfolio companies and continually reevaluate them as long-term investments. I first wrote the Investment Case for Apple over a year ago, and although I update the report monthly for subscribers, I realized that it needed to be substantially rewritten. What follows are highlights from that much revised report. Apple's still low valuation, relative to peers One of the things I do as part of compiling the investment case for a company is a competitive assessment. I generally look for companies that are leaders in their key market or markets. Apple's key market is mobile devices, so my competitive assessment for Apple emphasizes important technologies in the mobile device, such as the processor and the operating system. I also consider other factors related to profitability and financial strength. My competitive assessment for Apple is shown in the table below. In the peer group, I include companies that provide competing operating systems, such as Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Microsoft (MSFT), as well as the most important device manufacturers, Samsung (OTC:SSNLF), Huawei, and BK Electronics, home of the OPPO and Vivo brands. The color coding reflects an admittedly subjective assessment of the situation of each company relative to a given criterion. Green receives 2 points, yellow, 1 point, and red, 0 points. Incidentally, following Microsoft's abandonment of Windows Phone, I had to drop its rating in the Mobile OS Ecosystem to yellow. I've also included the TTM P/E ratios for the four publicly traded companies. Apple, of course, stands out for its very low valuation. Growth drivers Apple's low valuation doesn't automatically mean that it's a bargain. Apple's valuation reflects the low expectations of the market, as well as many analysts. For many years, there was a school of thought that regarded iPhone as merely a fad. The argument went that iPhone sales would collapse once it ceased to be fashionable. That argument has kind of fallen by the wayside in favor of more directly applicable observations such as "smartphone sales have stagnated" and "Apple is too dependent on iPhone." Both arguments are true, in the near term, but ignore factors that might make them untrue in the long term. In iPhone X, Apple has captured many of the technologies that will drive iPhone sales growth in the next few years. These are Apple's superior mobile processors, OLED displays, and 3D sensing, both for user facing and world facing applications. The popularity of iPhone X suggests that unit volumes will increase y/y once Apple makes the features of X more affordable, which it is expected to do this September. Another growth driver for Apple, and the entire mobile device industry, is expected to be 5G. 5G is a complex technology that will use multiple radio bands, including some in the millimeter wave region. 5G will provide greater data speeds (above 1 Gbit/sec, download) as well as greatly enhanced network capacity, which is currently the key practical limiter to real world performance. 5G also will be an enabler of the Internet of Things (IoT) and wearables of various types. The 5G standard provides for new types of low power data connections that reduce the power drain on mobile devices. 5G adoption by carriers is moving much faster than expected, even a year ago. This probably reflects the need to expand capacity (especially in the face of an expected increase in IoT devices) more than it does with the desire to provide users with higher speed connections. Both AT&T (NYSE:T) and Verizon (NYSE:VZ) have announced plans for initial deployments this year in the U.S. Underlying Apple's ability to grow its iPhone franchise, as well as diversify into wearables, is its expertise in designing mobile processors. Based on a conservative valuation of its systems on chip (SOCs) at $35 a piece for its iOS and watchOS devices, Apple has become one of the larger semiconductor companies in terms of equivalent revenue. Apple's custom SOCs have been instrumental in the creation of new products such as Apple Watch and Air Pods. There's additional synergy due to the fact that Apple's operating systems developers have access to intimate knowledge about the processors that they wouldn't have if the processors were developed by a separate company. This allows its operating systems to be better optimized and integrated with its hardware. Apple is widely expected to introduce some form of augmented reality headset in the near future. I think it is likely that these will be in the form of "smartglasses" that allow information and graphics to be viewed as an overlay on the real world. Apple's ARKit lays the foundations for this approach, and Tim Cook has expressed his enthusiasm regarding the potential for AR. In the chart below, I give my expectations for unit growth in Apple's major products. The numbers for fiscal 2017 are actuals. DCF fair value In arriving at a buy rating for a given company in the RT Portfolio, I consider a number of factors, such as the competitive ranking I give above. But certainly, one of the most important and relevant in terms of assessing valuation is the Discounted Cash Flow model that is maintained for each Portfolio company. The calculated fair value is used to estimate a percent upside relative to the stock's current price. I've seen DCF models presented as if they were cast in concrete, but nothing could be further from the truth. DCF model predictions are heavily dependent on the assumed revenue profile of a given company over a long (5-10 year) time frame. Such predictions have inherently large error bars attached to them. This is why I regard the DCF fair value prediction as only one of many inputs to a final "grade" for a given company. In Apple's case, I consider the DCF fair value to be a pretty good estimator of the upside Apple investors can expect. I don't build the models from scratch, but rather download the most recent model from finbox.io. The Apple model covers a five-year period and uses the standard Gordon Growth exit. Shown below are the finbox default Revenue and EBITDA profiles: The finbox model yields a share fair value of $193.03. In modifying the profiles, I perform a "groundup" estimate of revenue contributors, based on the product unit growth shown earlier, as well as other inputs. This yields modified revenue and EBITDA profiles shown below: The EBITDA profile reflects my expectation that Apple's margins will not decline very much over the five-year period. The resultant share fair value is $239.89. This gives an upside of about 29% compared to the current share price of about $186. Do I think that the DCF fair value represents the limit of Apple's growth and upside? I really don't. I regard it as effectively the lower limit, a floor to growth that investors can have high confidence in. Apple continues to invest substantial R&D in new technologies such as MicroLED displays and autonomous vehicles. It's not clear where this will lead in terms of new products, but I doubt that Apple is engaging in the research without clear product objectives in mind. Autonomous vehicles especially offer the prospect of revenue growth that can "move the needle" even for a company the size of Apple. I remain long Apple and rate it a strong buy. Consider joining Rethink Technology to receive exclusive reports and RT Portfolio updates. Disclosure: I am/we are long AAPL, TSM, ASML. I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.
https://www.marketwatch.com/story/apple-stock-rises-after-foxconn-reports-earnings-2018-05-14
Apple stock rises after Foxconn reports earnings - MarketWatch
Emily Bary
May 14, 2018 12:37 p.m. ET
05/14/2018
Shares of Apple Inc. AAPL, +1.80% are up 0.2% in Monday trading after iPhone manufacturer Hon Hai Precision Industry Co., better known as Foxconn, reported quarterly earnings results. The company reported a weaker-than-expected net profit, according to the Wall Street Journal. Foxconn's report comes a few weeks after Apple itself posted results and delivered lower-than-expected iPhone unit sales. Some investors were expecting Apple's iPhone X to drive a "supercycle" of phone upgrades after its launch last fall, but device sales have underperformed those projections. Apple shares are up 21% over the past 12 months, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.90% has gained 19%.
https://seekingalpha.com/article/4172869-get-rich-safely-growth-strategies-3-consider
Get Rich (Safely) With Growth Strategies: 3 To Consider | Seeking Alpha
Financially Free Investor
2018-05-12 09:00:00 -0400
05/12/2018
Most of our articles are based on conservative or income-oriented strategies; however, this article is a bit of an outlier and focused on investing in fast-growing companies. Needless to say, one should expect higher risk and higher volatility from any such strategy in return for outsized performance. Based on an individual's risk-profile and time-horizon, one should only invest a limited portion of his/her portfolio in such a strategy. Even then, we must caution, it is not for everyone. A vast number of folks (not everyone, of course), who are invested in the stock market, views it a place to get rich quick. They want to know which stocks are going to be next Amazon (AMZN) or Apple (AAPL). They want to know the stocks that would turn into multi-baggers (return hundreds of percent) and could make them rich rather quickly, in years rather than decades. At least, most people had that desire at some point in time in their investing career, usually in the early years. Though there is nothing wrong with that thought; after all Wall-street runs on greed and fear. However, it is not realistic. There are not too many people who invested in Apple in 1996-1998 when it was at its bottom. Most people could not imagine a scenario where its founder Steve Jobs would return and essentially turn the company upside down. Apple turned itself from a niche computer company into a highly successful consumer electronics juggernaut. Sure, there must be some such investors, but then a majority of them would have sold out of Apple just too soon before realizing an amazing 40,000% gain from 1998 to 2018, turning $1,000 into $398,000 by the year 2018. Apple is just one example, but there are many other such companies, but it is hard to recognize them in their early years of growth. Take the case of Home Depot (HD). It is not even a tech or a biotech company, rather very run-of-the-mill retail but well-managed business of home-improvement stores. However, its growth since the 80's has been nothing less than spectacular. A $1,000 investment made in Home Depot in1985 would be worth about one million dollars today (dividends reinvested). But again, it was hard to recognize the scale of potential back then. Can You Recognize The Growth Companies In Their Early Years Of Growth? Fortunately, You Don't Need To: Other than a few exceptions, for most people, it is really hard to successfully recognize the next Amazon, when they are in their nascent years with not much profit to show for. However, we believe, the good part is that you don't need to have any such special abilities to earn solid gains from growth stocks; we will tell you in a minute. We wanted to explore if there are ways to capture a majority of growth in share prices of companies that are going to be future multi-baggers. Most such strategies would depend upon the investor's ability to pick companies that would turn multi-baggers. That's why most of such strategies fail in achieving their objectives because very few people can recognize such companies in their early stage of growth. Even if they do, they bail out too soon or sell them at the first sign of trouble, though it may turn out to be just a temporary setback. Invest In Growth Strategies Rather Than Growth Stocks: To avoid such pitfalls, we believe it is much better and safer to invest in systematic growth strategies. Of course, nothing is certain in life, and it is more so in the stock market. It is always good to remember the Wall-street adage "past performance is no guarantee of future returns." However, we believe that investing in a well thought out strategy mostly performs well and far better than no strategy. Investing in a strategy can help take out the emotions out of trading decisions. Most folks are not capable of taking good decisions in a crisis or panic situation. This is where pre-determined strategy helps and will stop you from making bad decisions. Of course, abandoning the strategy at the first sign of trouble will be no strategy at all. In this article, we will lay out a few strategies with an aim to capture a large part of gains from the fast-growing companies. We will discuss three strategies. Volatility-Adjusted Growth (BTF) portfolio. A Simple Rotation Strategy based on Technology-based ETF or CEFs. Invest in 10 fastest-growing large companies for a year and repeat. Strategy 1: Volatility-Adjusted Growth (BTF) Strategy Author's note: We use a similar version of this strategy in our subscription service "High Income DIY Portfolios." The strategy delivered 31% gains in 2017, and we are up 15% this year until the end of April. In this strategy, we would select a set of 10-12 high growth stocks. The list of these stocks should be reviewed at least once a year and possibly would change from year to year. One way is to look for large-cap stocks that had a leading performance in the last six month and last one year. The name "BTF" is derived from our current list, which includes stocks from Biotechnology, Technology, and Financial sectors. We also include some treasury funds, which are used during times of stress and when stocks are not doing good. The list includes: List of stocks: (AAPL) Apple Inc. (AMZN) Amazon.com, Inc. (NFLX) Netflix, Inc. (JPM) JP Morgan Chase & Co (GOOGL) Alphabet Inc. (MSFT) Microsoft Corporation (MA) Mastercard Incorporated (V) Visa Inc. (PYPL) PayPal Holdings, Inc. (AMGN) Amgen Inc. (CELG) Celgene Corporation (REGN) Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (TLT) iShares 20+ Year Treasury Bond ETF (IEF) iShares 7-10 Year Treasury Bond ETF (SHY) iShares 1-3 Year Treasury Bond ETF On a monthly basis, we would compare their volatility adjusted performance over a period of last three months. Every month, we will select top three stocks, which have had the best volatility-adjusted performance. If none of the stocks are performing better than risk-free rate, we will invest in Treasuries. We repeat this process on a monthly basis. There are two distinct benefits of using the strategy versus just investing in say 10-12 high-growth stocks: The strategy would not punish you if you picked up a few bad performing stocks on the way, because we are only investing in the top 3 stocks every month. Second, the strategy will protect you from the downside by investing in Treasuries during any big corrections, or recessions. For back-testing, we excluded Visa and Paypal since they do not have long enough history to include 2008/2009 recession. Here is the back-tested performance of this portfolio since January 2007 versus the Nasdaq-100 Index (QQQ). Performance Chart - 1: Strategy 2: A Simple Rotation Strategy Portfolio Using Nasdaq-100 Index ETFs or CEFs: If you find strategy-1 above too complex to your liking, you could adopt a simpler strategy. You could just switch between two securities, PowerShares QQQ ETF (QQQ) and iShares 7-10 Year Treasury Bond ETF (IEF) on a monthly basis, based on their 3-month relative performance. Here is the performance of this strategy in comparison with QQQ index from January-2008 to 2018. Performance Chart - 2: As you would notice, the strategy not only outperforms the QQQ index (NASDAQ-100 Index), there is a big difference in the drawdown (from the peak to bottom) and the worst year's negative performance. Buying and holding QQQ on Jan. 1, 2008, until April 2018, would have provided an annualized return of 12.79% compared to 9.56% from S&P 500. Not bad at all, however, you would have to tolerate the roller coaster ride of 2008/2009 with a drawdown of almost -46%. In contrast, using the above strategy, the annualized return would be much better at 16.32%, and the drawdown would be only -18% in 2008 with the year actually ending with positive gains, instead of a huge loss in case of QQQ. An Income Oriented Strategy with QQQX: If you need income on a consistent basis, instead of QQQ (which provides almost no income), you could choose one of the below Technology based CEFs. Symbol Fund Name Dividend Yield QQQX Nuveen NASDAQ 100 Dynamic Overwrite Fund (QQQX) 6.41% STK Columbia Seligman Premium Technology Growth Fund (STK) 8.11% BST BlackRock Science and Technology (BST) 4.77% Out of the three CEFs, only QQQX has a long history going back to January 2008, which incidentally covers the last recession. We provide the back-testing results using the pair QQQX/IEF and compare with QQQ. By using QQQX, another advantage would be the consistent 6.4% income, a majority of the times. This strategy provided an annualized return of 16.15% since January 2008, compared to 12.8% return from using QQQ. The big difference again was in the drawdowns. The strategy had a drawdown of only -19% compared to a whopping drawdown of -46% in case of QQQ. Performance Chart - 3: Here is a snapshot of performance comparison (from January 2008 - April 2018) of the two variations with Nasdaq-100 index and S&P 500 index. Strategy Name Securities used Annualized Performance from 2008-2018 Max. Drawdown Rotation Strategy: 3-Months Relative Performance Using pair QQQ / IEF 16.32% -18.15% Rotation Strategy: 3-Months Relative Performance (with income) Using pair QQQX /IEF 16.15% -19.06% NASDAQ-100 Index (Buy & hold) QQQ 12.79% -46.06% S&P 500 Index (Buy & hold) SPY 8.11% -48.23% Strategy 3: Invest in 10 fastest-growing large companies for a year and repeat We provide this strategy only as food for thought. We are not able to provide any back-testing results for this strategy, as we do not have sufficient data available at this time. However, the strategy appears rational, simple to implement and in our opinion, should provide alpha over S&P 500 or QQQ. Every year, in January, we will run a stock screener to filter stocks using the following criteria: Market cap is > 1 Billion Daily Trading volume > 100,000 Sales growth over last 5 years > 10% Earning growth over the last five years > 10% Operating margin over last 12 months > 15% Estimated earnings growth quarter over quarter = Positive Minimum Sales Revenue > $2 Billion This filter should provide more than 10 stocks. Select the top ten on the basis of one or more factors like market-cap or EPS growth etc. Invest in these 10 stocks in equal amounts for one year. At the year-end sell them off and start over for the next year. Please note that this strategy will not provide any protection from periodic downturns or corrections. As we stated, we do not have any back-testing results to support the strategy, so it should be taken with a grain of salt and should only be considered an idea for further research. We ran such a filter recently using a stock screener such as Zacks; we got about 40 companies. We then sorted them in the order of their size to get the top 10 companies as shown below. One could use a different sorting order like sales growth or EPS growth. However, we chose market-cap to select fast-growing but relatively safer companies. Company Name Ticker Market Cap (in Billions) Avg Volume 5 Yr. Hist. EPS Growth 5 Yr Historical Sales Growth Operating Margin 12 Mo Annual Sales (in Billions ) Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) 735 2196097 15.05 16.32 20.55 110 Facebook, Inc. (FB) 519 28868074 78.07 50.82 45.05 40 Visa Inc. (V) 265 7344884 16.82 11.6 48.26 18 AbbVie Inc. (ABBV) 157 6528017 15.09 10.88 33.6 28 NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) 152 10874509 43.38 18.64 30.04 9.7 Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) 115 2252285 41.53 14.93 26.22 7.3 Booking Holdings Inc. (BKNG) 104 323824.6 19.25 17.16 19.37 12.6 Broadcom Limited (AVGO) 98 3829569 52.19 64.9 38.13 17 Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) 85 7667851 39.82 22.24 41.23 26 Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO) 83 1387449 13.95 10.64 18.03 20.9 Conclusion: Normally, our work focuses on conservative strategies mostly for folks who are nearing retirement or already retired. Some of our portfolios and strategies are explicitly focused on how to generate income safely without reaching for yield and taking unnecessary risks. That said, there is a place for growth stocks, especially for younger folks, who have many years before needing income from their portfolio. Even for retired folks, who may have pensions and social security income and do not depend on their investments for 100% of their spending needs, it may be desirable to invest a small portion of their investment capital in a growth strategy. Obviously, it will add a little more risk, but also bring some zing to their overall returns. That said, it is a question that needs to be answered by the individual investor himself based on their personal situation. The second and bigger question is how to implement a growth strategy successfully. It is easy to identify the right kind of companies that provided outsized growth in the last decade. However, it becomes very challenging to identify the next Apple or Amazon of the next decade. That's why we think one needs to rely upon a growth strategy rather than relying on the ability to pick the exceptional stocks. We have discussed three distinct growth strategies, none of them particularly depends on the ability to pick exceptional stocks. The second strategy also includes a version which could generate a regular stream of income while providing the same or better growth than the QQQ index. Last but not the least, it is important for the investor to have the realistic expectations and recognize the higher level of risks with any growth strategy. One should always analyze their personal situation and risk-appetite before investing into any strategy. Disclaimer: The information presented in this article is for informational purposes only and in no way should be construed as financial advice or recommendation to buy or sell any stock. Please always do further research and do your own due diligence before making any investments. Every effort has been made to present the data/information accurately; however, the author does not claim 100% accuracy. Any stock portfolio or strategy presented here is only for demonstration purposes. If you liked reading this article, please click on the "Follow" button at the top of the article. We provide many of the strategies and portfolios similar to the one discussed in the article in our Marketplace Service High Income DIY Portfolios. The HIDIY premium service includes five portfolios, including two High-Income portfolios, a conservative strategy for 401(k) accounts, a Sector-Rotation strategy and a High-Growth portfolio. For more details or a two-week free trial, please click on the image just below our logo at the top of the article. Disclosure: I am/we are long ABT, ABBV, JNJ, PFE, NVS, NVO, CL, CLX, GIS, UL, NSRGY, PG, MON, ADM, MO, PM, KO, DEO, MCD, WMT, WBA, CVS, LOW, CSCO, MSFT, INTC, T, VZ, VTR, CVX, XOM, VLO, HCP, O, OHI, NNN, STAG, WPC, MAIN, NLY, PCI, PDI, PFF, RFI, RNP, UTF, EVT, FFC, KYN, NMZ, NBB, HQH, JPC, JRI, TLT, DAE , ARCC, JPS. I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.
https://seekingalpha.com/article/4170381-thank-warren
Thank You, Warren | Seeking Alpha
Bill Ehrman
2018-05-06 07:00:15 -0400
05/06/2018
Market participants got a huge boost of confidence after Warren Buffett revealed on Friday that he bought a ton of equities in the first quarter, including an additional 75 million shares of Apple Computer. Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE:BRK.A) (NYSE:BRK.B) now owns over 230 million shares of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) worth more than $43.0 billion, representing nearly 25% of Berkshire’s total investment portfolio, excluding over $100 billion in cash and equivalents. Warren and his team are the antithesis of passive management, which he advocates. As we have written many times “Do as Warren does, not what he says.” Warren is the ultimate investor. He supported his view at Saturday’s annual meeting by revealing that a $10,000 investment in the market 70 years ago would be worth over $50 million today. No so for bonds or hard assets like gold. He espouses the virtues of compounding returns by owning great companies with superior management for long periods of time. Buffett would rather invest free cash generation in businesses, as it is tax efficient rather than paying dividends, which are taxed twice. He would buy his own stock only at a substantial discount to book value, which is understated, too. Buffett likes to buy consumer (“brand obsession’) or unique franchises, as we all know, like Coca Cola (NYSE:KO) and Burlington Northern. He has explained his rationale for owning Apple many times in the past but we found these additional purchases particularly opportunistic, as analysts/portfolio managers were concerned about slowing hardware sales combined with Apple’s huge presence in China both putting pressure on the stock. The bottom line is that Buffett realizes that there may be bumps in the road but he invests for the long term. He doesn’t let the “noise of the day” influence his long-term investment decisions. After all, Apple has a unique franchise; has superior management; is immensely profitable with tremendous free cash flow that can/will be used to enhance shareholder value and sells at a discount to the market. As Buffett is widely considered the best investor of our time, his actions gave everyone reason to pause and re-evaluate their current view which has been bearish. While we do not consider ourselves direct disciples of Buffett, who we have worked with over the years, we invest using many of the same criteria. Investing with great management is our first decision followed by an analysis of the company’s competitive advantage, which sets it apart from the pack. We then project longer-term volume trends, operating margins, earnings and cash flow potential. If the company’s stock is selling at a sufficient discount to our ultimate valuation assumption discounting cash flow, we buy and hold it until fully valued. Paix et Prospérité continues to outperform all indices sticking to our disciplines much like Buffett. We view market corrections as opportunities to add to our core positions as long as we have not altered our overall investment view. We continue to view the market as undervalued today with S&P earnings reaching $155 in 2018 with 10-year treasury yields rising to 3.25% by year-end. We see further growth in 2019 too. But not all stocks will participate. Herein lies our strength. Buffett remains forever optimistic on the future of America. By the way, Berkshire’s first quarter operating earnings grew 49% to $5.3 billion. His operating companies are a true cross section of America and give him unusual insight as to what is happening economically in America. He believes that the corporate tax cut will lead to acceleration in the domestic economy and a boost in capital spending especially in the production side of our economy. CharlienMunger added that it was about time that steel tariffs were instituted, complimenting Trump. That was a surprise! Warren Buffett and Charlie Munger serve as role models. No one has their long-term record of success spanning now over 50 years outperforming the market creating a huge holding company, Berkshire Hathaway, worth nearly $500 billion today. They review all the facts, reflect on mindset shifts; do the first hand independent research and invest accordingly. Sounds familiar! Two other notable events last week were the Fed meeting and the unemployment report. The Fed remained on hold as expected and introduced a word, symmetric, when discussing their 2% inflation objective. It is clear that the Fed is willing to let the economy run hot permitting inflation to breach 2% remaining one step behind pushing rates higher. Our yield curve is not steeper as foreigners are aggressively buying our bonds, as rates overseas remain ridiculously low as both the BOJ and ECB maintain their excessive ease policies. The unemployment report could not have been better with the unemployment rate falling to 3.9% as there was a 164,000 gain (previous 2 months revised up 30,000) in employment; the labor participation rate fell to 62.8%; and hourly wage gains were up only 2.6% year over year while hours worked remaining constant. Factory employment rose a surprisingly strong 24,000 jobs in the month supporting our focus on the production side of our economy over consumption. It really was a goldilocks report! First quarter earnings reports keep rolling in above expectations. Managements are optimistic that better days are ahead as their order books are increasing and price realizations are improving for those with pricing power. We would not want to be selling a product that Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) sells for obvious reasons. Most corporations are using the tax break to increase wages, increase capital spending, building new more efficient capacity and on technology. We continue to expect economic activity to accelerate in the U.S. as we move through the year. Second quarter real GNP will likely exceed 3%. Growth in the Eurozone has slowed slightly due in good part to the strength of the euro. Remember that exports are a larger percentage of European GNP than here. Inflationary pressures remain subdued so it is clear that the ECB will maintain its overly accommodative policy well into 2019 until inflation challenges 2%. Japan, China, India and the Emerging Countries are all doing quite well economically. The bottom line is that we see no reason to alter our 3.9% growth forecast for 2018. On the other hand, Trump’s focus on open, fair and reciprocal trade agreements that also protect our IP remains the number one concern of the markets and us too, The U.S ran a $566 billion trade deficit in 2017 which reduced GNP by nearly 1.5%. Negotiations are ongoing with our major trading partners but change takes times so do expect a fast resolution anytime soon. We do expect the U.S to begin instituting some trade tariffs on some European and Chinese imports by month’s end, which will be followed by retaliatory tariffs against us. Both sides must show that they mean business for negotiations to get serious so that it can conclude with a fair deal for all sides. We do expect a new NAFTA deal soon which is very important. The bottom line is that we do expect trade skirmishes but not an all out trade war. Clearly Buffett factored all of this in his decision to add to his Apple holdings. He looks out across the valley and invests accordingly. Interestingly Forbes wrote an article about me titled “Looking Beyond the Valley.” Trump continues to move forward on his pro-growth, pro-business agenda with America First. Tax reform, regulatory relief and his trade agenda make the U.S the destination spot for both domestic and foreign companies to build plants to supply our needs. It does not hurt that America is nearly energy sufficient too. We continue to believe that we are at the beginning of a multi year surge in capital spending in America, which is one of our key investable themes. Industrial and capital goods companies are all reporting meaningful increases in orders and backlogs. And they have pricing power to improve margins. We continue to see a shift in the composition of our GNP away from a reliance on consumption to production. In addition, we continue to emphasize the banks who will benefit from loan growth and a steepening yield curve; technology at a fair price to growth; industrial commodities including domestic aluminum and steel for obvious reasons and special situations like DWDP and FMC where internal changes will lead to higher valuations down the road. The bottom line is to stay the course; think like Buffett and invest for the long term. Remember to review all the facts; pause, reflect and consider mindset shifts; look at you asset composition with risk controls; do independent research and… Invest Accordingly!
https://seekingalpha.com/article/4170378-leapfrogging-edition
The Leapfrogging Edition | Seeking Alpha
Felix Salmon
2018-05-06 06:33:50 -0400
05/06/2018
Slate Money on the Sprint (NYSE:S)-T-Mobile (NASDAQ:TMUS) merger, remittances, and Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) buybacks. Felix Salmon, political-risk consultant Anna Szymanski, and Quartz’s Africa editor Yinka Adegoke discuss: The merger between Sprint and T-Mobile Remittances Apple buybacks On this week’s Slate Plus, Felix, Anna, and Yinka discuss Arsenal Football Club.
https://www.marketwatch.com/story/warren-buffett-applauds-apples-share-buybacks-2018-05-05
Warren Buffett applauds Apple's share buybacks - MarketWatch
William L. Watts
May 5, 2018 2:59 p.m. ET
05/05/2018
Warren Buffett on Saturday applauded Apple Inc.'s AAPL, +1.80% share repurchase program, noting that as shares are bought back, Berkshire Hathaway's BRK.A, +0.70% BRK.B, +0.37% stake grows on its own. Apple, which was already an aggressive purchaser of its own shares, announced a $100 billion buyback program earlier this week. Buffett on Friday revealed that Berkshire had added 75 million Apple shares to its portfolio in the first quarter, building on an already sizable stake.
https://www.marketwatch.com/story/dows-nearly-400-point-intraday-rally-yanks-blue-chip-out-of-negative-territory-for-the-week-2018-05-04
Dow's nearly 400-point intraday surge yanks blue-chip average out of negative territory for the week - MarketWatch
Mark DeCambre
May 4, 2018 2:54 p.m. ET
05/04/2018
A surge of around 400 points on Friday afternoon for the Dow Jones Industrial Average has erased a weekly slide for the blue-chip gauge. The Dow DJIA, +0.90% was most recently up 397 points, or 1.7%, at 24,322, with less than 2 hours left of regular trade. The daily jump was sufficient to push the benchmark in to positive territory for the week, up less than 0.1%, along with the Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, +1.51% which was showing a daily advance of 1.9% at 7,219, with a weekly return of 1.5%. Gains for the broader market, including the S&P 500 index SPX, +1.08% which also bounced back into the green for the week, were largely driven by a record run-up in shares of Apple Inc AAPL, +1.80% after Warren Buffett said Berkshire Hathaway Inc. BRK.A, +0.70% BRK.B, +0.37% acquired a further 75 million shares of the iPhone maker, underpinning support in the tech giant. Because Apple is the largest company by market value, its moves can ripple through the broader market, including the technology-laden Nasdaq index. Read the full story: Dow gains 332 points, books best day in 3 weeks as Apple stock surges to record
https://seekingalpha.com/news/3352700-berkshire-bumped-apple-stake-q1
Berkshire bumped up Apple stake in Q1 - Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) | Seeking Alpha
SA Editor Yoel Minkoff

05/04/2018
Berkshire Hathaway (BRK.A, BRK.B) bought 75M additional Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) shares in Q1, with Warren Buffett outlining that the company "earns almost twice as much as the second most profitable company in the U.S." The announcement, which comes ahead of Berkshire's annual shareholder meeting on Saturday, brings its total stake in the tech giant to 240.3M shares worth $42.5B. Click to subscribe to real-time analytics on AAPL Now read: Apple: Not A Good Time To Be A Bear »
https://www.marketwatch.com/story/apple-stock-rises-after-da-davidson-says-shares-could-hit-300-in-five-years-2018-05-01
Apple stock rises after DA Davidson says shares could hit $300 in five years - MarketWatch
Emily Bary
May 1, 2018 10:27 a.m. ET
05/01/2018
Shares of Apple Inc. AAPL, +1.80% are up 1.3% ahead of the company's fiscal second-quarter earnings report, which is due out Tuesday after the close. DA Davidson analyst Tom Forte initiated coverage of Apple's stock with a buy rating prior to the release. "While the company faces a number of significant challenges, including the continued rise of Amazon AMZN, +0.73% and Google GOOGL, +3.18% its high margin and large sales figures enable the company to generate significant free cash flow, which it increasingly returns to shareholders via buybacks and dividends, but also affords it a tremendous war chest if it needed to make strategic acquisitions to bolster its competitive standing," Forte wrote. He said that Apple hits on a number of key trends in retail, including the importance of having strong international and mobile presences. Forte has a $220 price target on the stock for the next 12 to 18 months and a $300 target for five years out, which is about 80% above current levels. Apple shares are up 14% over the past 12 months, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.90% is up 15%.
https://seekingalpha.com/article/4168271-apple-aapl-q2-2018-results-earnings-call-transcript
Apple (AAPL) Q2 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking Alpha
SA Transcripts
2018-05-01 20:35:14 -0400
05/01/2018
Apple, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Q2 2018 Earnings Call May 1, 2018 5:00 PM ET Executives Nancy Paxton - Apple, Inc. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Analysts Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC Kathryn Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co. Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC Steven Milunovich - UBS Securities LLC Brian J. White - Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co., Inc. Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Operator Good day everyone, and welcome to the Apple Incorporated Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Nancy Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am. Nancy Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you. Good afternoon, and thanks to everyone for joining us. Speaking first today is Apple's CEO, Tim Cook, and he'll be followed by CFO Luca Maestri. After that we'll open the call to questions from analysts. Please note that some of the information you'll hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including without limitation those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, other income and expense, taxes, capital allocation, share repurchases, dividends and future business outlook. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's most recently filed periodic reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q and the Form 8-K filed with the SEC today, along with the Associated Press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of their respective dates. I'd now like to turn the call over to Tim for introductory remarks. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Nancy, and to everyone joining us, welcome. We're proud to announce the results of a very successful quarter today, setting new March quarter records for both revenue and earnings. We generated $61.1 billion of revenue. That's up 16% from last year, making it our sixth consecutive quarter of accelerating revenue growth. Our performance was broad-based, with iPhone revenue up 14%, services up 31% and wearables up almost 50%. We grew in each of our geographic segments, and in Greater China and Japan, revenue was up more than 20%. iPhone's second quarter performance capped a tremendous fiscal first half with $100 billion in iPhone revenue, an increase of $12 billion over last year, setting a new first half record and achieving our highest first half growth rate in three years. iPhone gained share during the quarter based on IDC's latest estimates for the global smartphone market. And customers chose iPhone X more than any other iPhone each week in the March quarter, just as they did following its launch in the December quarter. Since we split the line with the launch of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus in 2014, this is the first cycle in which the top of the line iPhone model has also been the most popular. Q2 was our best quarter ever for services and momentum there continues to be incredibly strong. Revenue topped $9 billion for the first time, up more than $2 billion over last year's March quarter. We had all-time record revenue from the App Store, from Apple Music, from iCloud, from Apple Pay and more, all of which are a powerful illustration of the importance of our huge active installed base of devices and the loyalty and engagement of our customers. Across all our services, paid subscriptions surpassed 270 million, up over 100 million from a year ago and up $30 million in the last 90 days alone, contributing to the overall increase in services revenue. Apple Pay continues its strong growth with active users more than doubling and transactions tripling year-over-year. We believe the availability of Apple Pay at major transit systems have been a key driver of adoption among commuters and in March, we launched Express Transit with Apple Pay in Beijing and Shanghai, the second and third largest transit systems in the world. Apple Pay is already the most successful mobile transit payment system in Tokyo, which has the busiest transit system of all. With the launch of Brazil in April, Apple Pay is now available in 21 markets and we expect Norway, Poland and Ukraine to launch in the next several months. This was another outstanding quarter for our wearables business, which includes Apple Watch, Beats and AirPods with combined revenue of almost 50% year-over-year. Looking at its revenue over the last four quarters, our wearables business is now the size of a Fortune 300 company. Apple Watch had another great quarter with revenue growing by strong double digits year-over-year to a new March quarter record. Millions of customers are using Apple Watch to help them stay active, healthy and connected and they have made it the top selling watch in the world. We launched carrier support for Series 3 with cellular in Mainland China, Hong Kong and Thailand during the quarter with more markets on the way. And now with Watch OS 4.2, there are more features than ever before. For example, in addition to tracking your workouts and heart rate, skiers and snowboarders can record runs, see vertical descent and calculate speed, as well as contribute data directly to the Apple Watch activity app. AirPods are incredibly popular and we're seeing them in more and more places, in the gym, in coffee shops, wherever people are enjoying music on their Apple devices. This product is a runaway hit, and we're working hard to meet the incredible demand. We started shipping HomePod in February, and it's widely recognized as having the best audio quality for its size and class. HomePod is a breakthrough speaker that delivers amazing sound, and we believe it will change the way people listen to music at home. It's currently available in the United States, the United Kingdom and Australia, and we're looking forward to adding new features to HomePod and introducing it to more markets around the world soon. In March, we announced new products for the education community, including updating our most popular iPad with support for Apple Pencil. It empowers students to be even more creative and productive, from learning to code to sketching ideas and jotting down handwritten notes to marking up screenshots. And the new iPad's gorgeous retina display, advanced chip and enhanced cameras and sensors are designed to support the next generation of apps for immersive augmented reality experiences in the classroom. In addition to our successful Everyone Can Code initiative, we've launched Everyone Can Create. It's a new free curriculum that makes it fun and easy for teachers to integrate drawing, music, film making or photography into their existing lesson plans for any subject. We believe education is the great equalizer. And whether it's through our coding programs, our unrivaled augmented reality platform, or the creativity both can unleash, we're proud to help students everywhere reach new frontiers of learning with Apple technology. In March, we also released iOS 11.3, a major update offering new immersive augmented reality experiences, access to personal health records in the Health app and more. Apps can now deliver AR experiences that use vertical walls and doors in addition to tables and chairs and can make – more accurately map irregular shaped surfaces. The update to ARKit that made this possible came just six months after we launched the world's largest AR platform. Also in iOS 11.3, patients in nearly 40 health systems representing hundreds of hospitals and clinics can now consolidate their medical records from multiple sources and view them all in one place, right from their iPhone. This data is encrypted and protected with the user's iPhone passcode, and it can help them better understand their health history, have informed conversations with doctors and family members, and make future health care decisions. Consistent with our long-term focus, privacy is a key element of these initiatives for education and personal health. We're relentless about making the best products and experiences in the world, while fiercely protecting our users' privacy, because we believe privacy is a fundamental human right. Our environmental initiatives recently passed an important milestone. All of our global facilities across 43 countries are now powered with 100% clean energy. We work with communities around the world to build clean power sources. Apple now has 25 renewable energy projects operational and 15 more under construction. We're also driving our supply chain to use clean energy. As of last month, 23 of our suppliers are committed to operating on 100% renewable energy. We're now halfway through our fiscal 2018 with nearly $150 billion in revenue and double digit growth in all of our geographic segments. We generated almost $34 billion in earnings in six months, and we're very bullish on Apple's future. We have the best pipeline of products and services we've ever had. We have a huge installed base of active devices that is growing across all products, and we have the highest customer loyalty and satisfaction in the industry. Our services business is growing dramatically. Our balance sheet and our cash flow generation are strong and that allows us to invest significantly in our product roadmap and still return a very meaningful amount of capital to our shareholders. Recent corporate tax reform enables us to deploy our global cash more efficiently. In the United States, we expect our direct investment in the economy to exceed $350 billion over the next five years, including $30 billion in capital expenditures. And we expect to create over 20,000 U.S. jobs at Apple over that timeframe. We're narrowing the site selection for a new U.S. campus, and we look forward to sharing more information on that later this year. Consistent with our annual cadence, today we're providing an update on our capital return program. Tax reform makes it possible for us to execute our program more efficiently, both through share repurchases and payment of dividend to the tens of millions of investors who own Apple stock either directly or indirectly from large pension funds to individuals with retirement accounts. So today, given our strong confidence in Apple's future, we're announcing a significant update to our capital return program. Our Board of Directors has approved a new $100 billion share repurchase authorization as well as a 16% increase in our quarterly dividend, effective with our next dividend payable later this month. Luca will provide more details about our program as well as a more in-depth discussion of the quarter's results. So I'll now turn the call over to him. Luca? Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon everyone. We're very pleased to report record financial results for our March quarter with revenue growth of 16%, EPS up 30%. Starting with revenue, we generated $61.1 billion, our highest ever for a March quarter. Revenue grew in all of our geographic segments, setting new Q2 records in most countries we track. Performance was very strong in emerging markets where revenue was up 20% and we were especially pleased to see 21% year-over-year growth in Greater China, our strongest growth rate from that segment in 10 quarters. We also set Q2 revenue records in the Americas, in Europe and in Japan. Gross margin was 38.3%, essentially flat sequentially, as we offset the seasonal loss of leverage with cost improvements and a shift in mix toward services. Operating margin was 26% of revenue. Net income was $13.8 billion, up $2.8 billion over last year and a March quarter record. Diluted earnings per share were $2.73, up 30% to a new record for Q2, and cash flow from operations was very strong at $15.1 billion. iPhone revenue grew 14% year-over-year, with iPhone ASP increasing to $728 from $655 a year ago, driven primarily by the performance of iPhone X, iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus. During the quarter we sold 52.2 million iPhones, up 3% over last year, and we grew iPhone units by double digits in several markets including Japan, Canada, Switzerland, Turkey, Central and Eastern Europe, Mexico and Vietnam. Our performance from a customer demand standpoint was even stronger than our reported results, as we reduced iPhone channel inventory by 1.8 million units, 600,000 units more than the March quarter reduction last year. We exited the March quarter within our target range of five to seven weeks of iPhone channel inventory. Our customers are extremely happy with their iPhones. The latest survey of U.S. consumers from 451 Research indicates that across all iPhone models, the customer satisfaction rating was 95%, and combining iPhone 8, 8 Plus and iPhone X, customer satisfaction was even higher, at 99%. And among business buyers who plan to purchase smartphones in the June quarter, 78% plan to purchase iPhones. Turning to services. We had a sensational quarter with all-time record revenue of $9.2 billion, and that's up more than $2 billion from last year, an increase of 31% and double the services revenue we generated in the March quarter just four years ago. Our services business is growing at a very fast pace all around the world, with revenue up more than 25% year-over-year in each of our five geographic segments. The App Store set a new all-time revenue record in the March quarter and Apple Music reached a new record for both revenue and paid subscribers, which have now passed 40 million. iCloud storage revenue was up by over 50% year-over-year to a new all-time record, and AppleCare revenue grew at its highest rate in five quarters, setting a new March quarter record. Our other product category also set a new record for the March quarter with revenue of almost $4 billion. We began shipping HomePod in February and unit sales of both Apple Watch and AirPods reached a new high for the March quarter. When we combine all our wearables and home products, they accounted for over 90% of the total growth in the other products category. Next, I'd like to talk about the Mac which set a new March quarter revenue record including new records in both the Americas and Greater China. We sold 4.1 million Macs, generating year-over-year growth in many emerging markets including Latin America, the Middle East and Africa, Central and Eastern Europe and India. We were happy to see double digit growth in our active installed base of Macs to a new all-time high, with almost 60% of March quarter purchases coming from customers who are new to Mac. iPad grew both units and revenue for the fourth consecutive quarter. We sold 9.1 million iPads and about half of purchases were by customers new to iPad. Growth was particularly strong in Japan, in Latin America, Middle East and Africa and Central and Eastern Europe. All markets where iPad sales were up double digits compared to a year ago. We gained share of the global tablet market based on the latest estimates from IDC and our active installed base of iPads reached an all-time high. NPD indicates that iPad has 53% of the U.S. tablet market in the March quarter, up from 40% share a year ago. And the most recent customer survey from 451 Research measured iPad customer satisfaction ratings of 95% and among business customers who plan to purchase tablets in the June quarter, 73% plan to purchase iPads. We continue to make great strides in the enterprise market. In February, we announced a new cyber risk management solution for businesses with Cisco, Aon and Allianz. This combined approach is an industry first that integrates the most secure technology from Apple and Cisco, cyber resilience evaluation services from Aon and options for enhanced cyber insurance coverage from Allianz. Organizations will now be able to better manage and protect themselves from cyber risks associated with ransomware and other malware-related threats. We are thrilled that insurance industry leaders recognize that Apple products provide superior security. In March, we announced two new services with IBM to bring more dynamic and intelligent insights into apps. IBM Watson services for Core ML and IBM Cloud Developer Console for Apple will enable developers to more easily build native iOS apps that bring together machine learning with artificial intelligence and cloud services. In healthcare, iPhones are being used across leading health systems including Cedars-Sinai, the Mayo Clinic and HCA Healthcare with iOS apps to support clinical workflows, communications and care delivery. In fact, HCA Healthcare recently announced they plan to deploy 100,000 iPhones across their hospital sites within the next three years. We had great performance from our retail and online stores which produced their highest March quarter revenue ever. Year-over-year growth was led by iPhone as well as strong performance from AirPods and introduction of HomePod. Our stores hosted more than 250,000 of our very popular Today at Apple sessions with a particular emphasis on coding and app design. During the quarter, we opened beautiful new stores in South Korea and in Austria, our first in both countries, and three weeks ago we opened our newest store in Tokyo, bringing us to 502 stores across the world today. Let me now turn to our cash position. We ended the quarter with $267.2 billion in cash plus marketable securities, and we had $110 billion in term debt and $12 billion in commercial paper outstanding for a net cash position of $145 billion. We returned nearly $27 billion to investors during the quarter. We paid $3.2 billion in dividends and equivalents and spent $23.5 billion on repurchases of 137 million Apple shares through open market transactions. We also retired 5.7 million shares upon the completion of our 13 ASR during the quarter. We have now completed over $275 billion of our current $300 billion capital return program, including $200 billion in share repurchases against our cumulative $210 million buyback program. We will complete the $210 billion program during the June quarter, three full quarters sooner than initially planned. The biggest priorities for our cash have not changed over the years. We want to maintain the cash we need to fund our day-to-day operations, to invest in our future, and to provide flexibility so that we can respond effectively to the strategic opportunities we encounter along the way. As we said 90 days ago, the new tax legislation enacted in December gives us increased financial and operational flexibility from the access to our global cash. It allows us to invest for growth in the United States more efficiently and it also provides us the opportunity to work towards a more optimal capital structure. As we said in February, our goal is to become approximately net cash neutral over time. Given our strong confidence in Apple's future and the value that we see in our stock, our board has authorized a new $100 billion share repurchase program which we will start executing during the June quarter. Considering the unprecedented size of this new authorization, we want to be particularly thoughtful and flexible in our approach to repurchasing shares. Our intention is to execute our program efficiently and at a fast pace. As in the past, we will provide regular updates on our capital return activities at the end of every quarter. We're also raising our dividend for the sixth time in less than six years. As we know, it is very important for our investors who value income. The quarterly dividend will grow from $0.63 to $0.73 per share, an increase of 16%. This is effective with our next dividend which the board has declared today, payable on May 17, 2018, to shareholders of record as of May 14, 2018. With over $13 billion in annual dividend payments, we are proud to be among the largest dividend payers in the world and we continue to plan for annual dividend increases going forward. We will continue to review our capital allocation regularly, taking into account the needs of our business, our investment opportunities, and our financial outlook. We will also continue to solicit input on our program from a broad base of shareholders. This approach will allow us to be flexible and thoughtful about the size, the mix and the pace of our program. We expect to provide a new update to our capital allocation plans approximately 12 months from now. As we move ahead into the June quarter, I'd like to review our outlook which includes the types of forward-looking information that Nancy referred to at the beginning of the call. We expect revenue to be between $51.5 billion and $53.5 billion. We expect gross margin to be between 38% and 38.5%. We expect OpEx to be between $7.7 billion and $7.8 billion. We expect OI&E to be about $400 million. And we expect our tax rate to be about 14.5%. With that, I'd like to open the call to questions. Nancy Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Luca. And we ask that you limit yourself to one one-part question and one follow up. May we have the first question, please? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Your first question will come from Shannon Cross with Cross Research. Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC Thank you very much. I wanted to ask about your thoughts on sort of iPhone and positioning now that we're a couple of quarters out from the launch of the iPhone X. Given the $1,000 price point, and it's clearly selling but there's been a lot of questions in the market about sustainability of that price point and how you're thinking about it as you look out sort of holistically across your lineup. So if you could talk a bit about what you're hearing from your customers and then I have a follow up. Thank you. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Sure. Shannon, it's Tim. As Luca mentioned earlier, our revenues are up 14% year-over-year on iPhone and that's a combination of single digit unit growth and ASP growth that is mainly driven by iPhone X. I think that our iPhone line shows that there's a variety of different customers in a market that is as large as a smartphone market and so we're going to continue to provide different iPhones for folks to meet their needs. On iPhone X specifically, I think it's important to maybe emphasize again one of the things I mentioned in my opening comments, that customers chose iPhone X more than any other iPhone each and every week in the March quarter, just as they did following its launch in the December quarter. Also, since we split the line with the launch of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus back in 2014, this is the first cycle that we've ever had where the top of the line iPhone model has also been the most popular. And so with the customer set that Luca referenced as well, the 99%, the iPhone X is a beloved product. And so I think that it's one of those things where like a team wins the Super Bowl, maybe you want them to win by a few more points but it's a Super Bowl winner and that's how we feel about it. I could not be prouder of the product. Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC Okay. Thank you. And then, Luca, can you talk a bit about working capital, specifically inventory which went up pretty significantly quarter-over-quarter? What's driving that and how are you thinking about, I mean, it's one of the uses of cash obviously, so how are you thinking about inventory and maybe working capital in general as you're going forward? Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Yeah, Shannon, you know that we've always generated significant amount of cash through working capital. We've got a negative cash conversion cycle and we plan to continue to have that. Our inventory level has gone up. It's just a temporary event. We have decided to make some purchasing decision, given current market conditions, and that should unwind over time. Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC So that was essentially component purchases? Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Correct. Nancy Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you. Shannon. Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC Okay. Thank you very much. Nancy Paxton - Apple, Inc. Can we have the next question, please? Operator From Morgan Stanley, Katy Huberty. Kathryn Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Thank you. Good afternoon. The services growth acceleration is really the highlight this quarter in my mind. Can you talk about what the biggest drivers, whether it be products or regions that drove the acceleration and do you think that we can continue to see growth north of 30%? And then I have a follow-up. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Hi, Katy. It's Tim. The services grew 31%. We hit an all-time record at $9.2 billion, first time we cleared $9 billion. The great news about it is, it's not a single geo or a single service. If you look at it, each of the geos, the minimum was at 25%. So each of the geos did extremely well and we set records from the App Store to the Apple Music to iCloud to Apple Pay and more. And underneath that, if you look at the subscriptions, the number of subscriptions, I think I mentioned this in my comments, paid subscriptions had moved up over 100 million on a year-over-year basis to over 270 million by the end of the quarter. And so it's very broad-based in terms of type of service and geographic region. It's sort of exactly what we would like to see. In terms of forecasting moving forward, we've obviously made assumption for our guidance that Luca provided earlier and in terms of longer term, we're on target to our 2020 goal of doubling the services revenue of 2016 as we had talked about previously. Kathryn Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC And it doesn't look like the threat of a trade war with China slowed down that business. In fact, growth accelerated. But anything anecdotally that you see in the business in recent weeks that would suggest that that is having an impact on demand and any actions that Apple is taking as a company to preempt any risk of tariffs going forward? Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Yeah, I think my own view is that China and the U.S. have this unavoidable mutuality where China only wins if the U.S. wins and the U.S. only wins if China wins and the world only wins if China and the U.S. win. And so I think there's lots of things that bind the countries together and I'm actually very optimistic. I think history shows us that countries that embrace openness and diversity do much, much better than the ones that are closed. And so I'm a big believer that the two countries together can both win and grow the pie, not just allocate it differently. And so that's our focus, and I'm optimistic that – I don't know every play by play that will happen, but over time, I think that view will prevail. Nancy Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Katy. Could we have the next question, please? Operator And that will come from Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray. Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co. Hey. Good afternoon, and thank you for taking my question. Just following on the services question, I'd be curious what the next drivers of services revenue are. Will it be continued penetration of Music and Pay that you see as kind of the largest future categories of incremental growth? Or maybe when could augmented reality become a material part of services? And then I have a follow up. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Well, Mike, it's Tim. Again, the great thing about services is there are several services that make up the total that are growing nicely. And I think the other good news is that because our active installed base is at such a level, that last quarter we said that we had exceeded 1.3 billion. This year – we're not going to release this number every quarter, but we've obviously grown again. And it's growing at a double digit number on a year-over-year basis. And so with that kind of change in the installed base and with the services that we have now and others that we are working on, I think this is just a huge opportunity for us and feel very good about the track that we're on. Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co. Okay. And then any potential tariff issues aside, what's working for Apple in China right now? You talked about it being the strongest year-over-year growth in 10 quarters. I guess, what's driving that? Is it iPhone X specifically, or something else that's behind that improvement? Thank you. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. It's a good question. iPhone X was the most popular smartphone in all of China last quarter. And so iPhone X has done well there. In order to hit a number like 21% on the growth that you see on your data sheet there, there has to be several things working well. And the things that have huge growth rates there are the other products category, which is our wearables business in China and the services business, which you and I just spoke about. The iPhone obviously had to do extremely well to get a 21% number. And we gained share in the market for the Mac as well. And so there's actually several vectors there that are working well for us. We also – more broadly on the iPhone, the iPhone was the top three selling phones in China. And so it's iPhone X was number one, but we had several in the top. Nancy Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thanks, Mike. Could we have the next question, please? Operator From RBC Capital Markets, Amit Daryanani. Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC Thanks a lot. Two questions from me as well. I guess first one, just touching on the gross margin dynamics, if I look at the guidance for June on a year-over-year basis, I think sales are up double digit but gross margins are still flat at the high end, maybe down 20 basis points at the midpoint. Can you just talk about what's driving the lack of leverage on a gross margin basis on a year-over-year basis for June? Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Yeah, Amit, it's Luca. We tend to look at our gross margin dynamics on a sequential basis, and essentially we're guiding to about flat on a sequential basis. On a year-over-year basis, it's less relevant for our business. But in general, I would say that this year we are seeing a more difficult cost environment, particularly we're still dealing with about 70 basis points of impact from the memory pricing environment that we're working through. Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC Got it. And if I could just follow up. Tim, you've been fairly vocal I think talking about the need for better privacy protection and well-crafted regulation over time. Could you just maybe help us understand, how does Apple protect consumer data? And how does this ongoing debate around data protection translate into a positive for Apple over time? Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. We protect it by encrypting it, and we keep the bulk of information or a significant amount of information on the device so that the user is in control of it. We also collect much less overall than others do. Because if you look at our model, if we can convince you to buy an iPhone or an iPad, we'll make a little bit of money. You're not our product. And so that's how we look at that. In terms of benefit, we don't really view it like that. We view that privacy is a fundamental human right and that it's an extremely complex situation if you're a user to understand a lot of the user agreements and so forth. And we've always viewed that part of our role was to sort of make things as simple as possible for the user and provide them a level of privacy and security. And so that's how we look at it. Nancy Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Amit. Could we have the next question, please? Operator We'll go to Steve Milunovich with UBS. Steven Milunovich - UBS Securities LLC Great. Thank you. Luca, could you talk a bit more about the capital allocation? The dividend increase of 16% was relatively low relative to what you could have done, so are you really thinking the stock price is attractive here? And you said you would execute the buyback at a fast pace. Can you give us any timeframe of that $100 billion and how much debt do you think about in terms of net cash zero? Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Yes. Let's start with the dividend. We're increasing it by 16%. This is the largest increase that we've done since we've reintroduced the dividend back in August of 2012. So we think it's a very meaningful increase for all the investors that value income. Obviously, when we come down to capital allocation decisions, we obviously also keep in mind that the opportunity for us to do some M&A activities which we do in an ongoing basis. But when it comes down between dividends and buyback, our view is that for a variety of reasons we see a lot of value in the stock. We believe the stock is undervalued and so we have a bias towards the buyback. So the dividend is a very large component of capital return because we're going to be returning more than $13 billion a year to investors through dividends but we believe that given where we are with the valuation of the stock, we think that we continue to do the buyback primarily. We are not giving an end date to the program this time because the amount is very, very large and so we will try to execute it. As you've seen from our track record during the last five years, we will do it at a very fast pace but we also want to do it efficiently. We want to make sure that we buy back the stock at the right time. And so with that in mind, we have done $23.5 billion of repurchases during the March quarter. We will give you an update to our activities at the end of every quarter and then 12 months from now we will actually talk about an update to the entire program. So you will be able to keep track of our progress every 90 days. Steven Milunovich - UBS Securities LLC Thank you. And, Tim, could you talk a bit about your healthcare opportunity? Is it merely selling watches over time or do you think more broadly about it? Is there a services play? You're doing some things for your employees. Could that potentially broaden out? How do you think about the opportunity there? Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. We think about it very broadly and you can tell that a bit by some of the things that we've had going with ResearchKit and CareKit and most recently the health records that I had referenced in my initial comments and those all came out of getting significantly engaged in the Apple Watch and sort of pulling the strings, so to speak. And we also have a heart study that is going on currently, and so I don't want to give too much away. But it's an area of great interest where we think we can make a big difference in. And so it's a major strategic thrust of ours. Nancy Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thanks, Steve. Could we have the next question, please? Operator We'll go to Brian White with Monness, Crespi. Brian J. White - Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co., Inc. Yes, Tim, I think there is China numbers are actually phenomenal in the quarter and third consecutive quarter of growth. I think there's been a lot of concerns just Apple in China and maybe misinformation out there. But what do you see as the drivers for Apple in both Mainland China and Greater China over the next few years? And also if you could just give us an update on what you're seeing in India. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Yeah, good question. Let me start with India, and then I'll talk more about China. India, we set a new first-half record. So we continue to put great energy there and try to – our objective over time is to go in there with all of our different initiatives from retail and everything else. And so we're working toward those things. It's a huge market and it's clear that many people will be moving into the middle class over time, as we've seen in other countries. China, I continue to believe is a phenomenal country with lots of opportunity from a market point of view, but also lots of opportunity from a app developer point of view. We have almost 2 million application developers in China that are writing apps for iOS and the App Store, and they're doing unbelievably creative work and innovative work. So we look at China holistically, not only as a market. On the market side, we've seen iPhone X, as I had mentioned before, as being the top selling smartphone during the quarter. We gained share during the quarter. I read some notes here and there about the market itself not being good. I think on any kind of, on a 90-day clock, lots of different things can happen. But my own personal view of China is that it's a great market, and we are certainly looking far beyond 90 days and feel very bullish on the opportunity and the environment there. I would say that the market for us is more than iPhone. The Mac gained share there as well. The Watch is getting some traction there. Services is doing extremely well. And so it has several catalysts and I'm very pleased with the results that we were able to show during the quarter. Brian J. White - Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co., Inc. Great. Thank you. Nancy Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thanks, Brian. Could we have the next question, please? Operator Next we'll hear from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Thank you. Good afternoon. Tim, can you comment on the price elasticity of demand at the high end for iPhones, if that was in line with your expectations? Do you have a preference for unit growth versus ASP growth when it comes to maximizing that gross profit dollar growth? And I have a follow-up for Luca, please. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. We price for the value that we're delivering, and iPhone X is the most innovative product on the market. And I've said a few times, we have there sort of jam-packed with technologies that really set up the smartphone for the next decade. And so that's how we priced it. We were surprised somewhat that through all of this period of time that the iPhone X winds up at the most selling, most popular for every week of the time since the launch. And so that's I think a powerful point. And it's number one in China, which is another powerful point. And so obviously at some point if those technologies move to lower price points and that there's probably more unit demand. But the way we think about it is trying to price a reasonable price for the value that we deliver and I feel that we did that. Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Thank you, Tim. And, Luca, your gross margins have been very robust despite the headwinds that you absorbed on commodities, which you quantified, and frankly, also from the FX hedges that are limiting somewhat the FX upside that a lot of other companies are seeing. So as you, one, when do you expect these to turn into tailwinds? And when they do turn into tailwinds, would you consider reinvesting some of those into pricing or should we think about you flowing those through to the bottom line? Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Well, Wamsi, I think, let me start with where we are right now. I think you're right. I think we've been able to navigate a difficult foreign exchange environment for a number of years and now, as you know, because we have this hedging program as the dollar has weakened a bit in recent months, although during the last week it's actually started to turn the other way again, we've got the hedging program that works both ways. And also on the memory front, we feel that for NAND, we're going to be turning the corner very soon. For DRAM, we also think that we are near the peak, possibly at the end of this year. And so that should provide some level of stability. As I said earlier this year, I think we are experiencing in total a more difficult cost environment and so hopefully that can turn into a positive for us. At the same time, it's very difficult for me to give you an indication of what is going to happen in the future because every product cycle is different, and as you know, we don't provide guidance past the current quarter. There are some elements that we understand quite well and we tend to manage well over the course of the cycle. For example, our cost structures that we are able to manage throughout the year. But there are also elements that are not entirely under our control like foreign exchange. And the mix of products and services that we sell to our customers also has an impact on the overall gross margin. Our primary consideration is always around maximizing gross margin dollars, and that is the approach that we take around for example pricing decisions. Nancy Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Wamsi. Could we have the next question, please? Operator From Citi, we'll hear from Jim Suva. Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Thank you very much. And I'll ask actually both my questions at the same time, one for Tim and one for Luca. Tim, strategically when we talk to investors they often say, oh, iPhone market is saturated. There's not much room for growth. Yet when we do our analysis, we kind of still see emerging markets like India and all those still are growth. When you think about India and those markets, do you kind of believe that some of those markets could get to much higher or a more normalized market share that you have in some of the developing countries over time? And can you talk a little bit about some of those efforts you may be doing? And then, Luca, on the question for you, is about the gross margin. When we think about if component prices start to stabilize, seeing how Apple services have been so successful and accretive to margins, should we start to look for some potential margin, gross margin upside, again should components stabilize? Thank you, gentlemen. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Yeah, Jim, thanks for the question. In terms of the – let me address the smartphone market a bit and then I'll mention iPhone. In terms of the market in general, if you look at last year, which is the last data point we have on the full market, there were still 0.5 billion feature phones sold in the world. And so many of those were sold into emerging markets, not all of them, but many of them. And we still believe that over time every phone sold will be a smartphone. And so it seems to us that with that many feature phones being sold, that's a pretty big opportunity. In terms of the iPhone itself, even though we sell quite a few phones across the course of a year, our market share globally is low compared to the – our sales are low compared to the full market of smartphones. And so our task is to convince people that currently – or have another type of phone to switch, while really taking care of people that have an iPhone so that they choose – when they elect to buy another phone, that they buy another iPhone. And so we've spent quite a bit of time on that, as you might guess. I do think that India, India is the third largest smartphone market in the world. There's obviously huge opportunities there for us, and we have extremely low share in that market overall. And so we're putting a lot of energy there and working with the carriers in that market, and they're investing enormously on the LTE networks. And the infrastructure has come quite a ways since we began to put a lot of energy in there because of their leadership and so forth. And so I do think – I don't buy the view that market's saturated. I don't see that from a market point of view or – and certainly not from an iPhone point of view. I think the smartphone market is sort of like the best market for a consumer product company in the history of the world and – but that's how I feel about it. It's a terrific market, and we're very happy to be a part of it. Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Jim, on the gross margin side, I think I'll repeat what I said earlier, but you're right. Our services business, and I've said it in the past, is accretive to company margins. And so as we are able to grow the services business, that should provide a positive, a tailwind. At the same time, within the services portfolio that we have, we have services that have different levels of profitability, so we also need to take into account the mix of services that we're going to be selling. At a macro level, because about two-thirds of our company is outside the United States, a weak dollar is a positive for our gross margins; a strong dollar, as it's been during the last four years, has been a bit of a headwind for the company. We try to make it more stable through the hedging program. And in general, when we look at our process to innovate our products, typically when we launch a new product, that product tends to have a higher cost structure than the product it replaces. And so that is something that we need to work through every time we launch a new product and we have a pretty good track record and history of taking those cost structures down over time. So we need to balance all these different elements. I think we've done a pretty remarkable job during the last several years at managing all these different variables and coming out with a level of gross margins that we think is really good for investors and certainly it is our plan to continue to manage them that way. But it's very difficult for me to give you a prediction of where gross margins are going to be six months or 12 months from now. Nancy Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Jim. Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Thank you for the details and congratulations. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Thank you. Nancy Paxton - Apple, Inc. A replay of today's call will be available for two w